text:Hello.\nHello, what would you like to talk about?	labels:I am having a lot of anxiety about quitting my current job. It is too stressful but pays well.
text:What makes your job stressful for you?	labels:I have to deal with many people in hard financial situations and it is upsetting.
text:Do you help your clients to make it to a better financial situation?	labels:I do, but often they are not going to get back to what they want. Many people are going to lose their home when safeguards are lifted.
text:But you offer them a better future than what they have currently. It may not be what they wanted, but it helps them in the long run.	labels:That is true but sometimes I feel like I should put my feelings and health first.
text:I can understand that.. Is there another job that would pay you close to what you currently make?	labels:Probably not. I was with the same company for a long time and I consistently get a bonus every year.
text:Is it possible to reframe how you look at your clients' dire financial situations?	labels:I could try. It mostly gets to me at the end of the day.
text:Some people can't do what you do because they don't have the heart to give someone else bad news. The reality is though, someone needs to fill that role and you do help people.	labels:That is also true. Sometimes I wonder if it really is for me though.
text:I've had to deal with collections before when I was in  bad financial condition. The person on the other line was really helpful though. She was understanding, It may not be for you. I think you should think about the pros and cons of keeping your position. It might make things clearer for you..	labels:That is true. Maybe I just need to sit down and really think about it.
text:I wouldn't stay if it really impacts your mental health in a negative way. Still, you may need to zoom out and see the bigger picture: that you provide a needed service and you do it compassionately.	labels:It really is a big decision. Thank you for the different perspective.
text:No doubt, but you know in your heart what is right for you..	labels:That is true. Thanks again. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:hello im looking for someone to talk to. im fine how are you.
text:I'm doing ok I'm glad you are good. Is it snowing by you? Merry Christmas!	labels:thats great and no its not snowing its very cold thow. merry christmas to you also.
text:How can I help you today?	labels:im having some issues with friends not actually being friends.
text:I hear you are having trouble figuring out which friends are really your friends and which ones aren't. Is that about right?	labels:yes.
text:I understand that... Did something happen that makes you feel like that?	labels:yes their is no communication or interaction between me and them nobody answers phone calls txt messages etc.
text:Is this a significant other?	labels:no friends.
text:Are they ignoring you?	labels:when we where younger we all hung out all the time now that we are older its like they talk with each other im not sure if i did anything or not.
text:Are you sure they are okay? Or not away with family for the holidays?	labels:it doesnt matter they still keep open communication with each other .
text:That's no good what do you think the problem is?	labels:I believe its because I am the friend that has financial trouble and normally needs to borrow money.
text:Do you owe someone already?	labels:no anything i owe i always pay back. perhaps they are tired of being asked.
text:That can get in the way of a friendship sometimes, but I try not to get ahead of myself and  jump the gun. They may have lost a phone or something may have come up... That very well could be... Are you working?	labels:no im not currently. I also think sometimes to myself that they don't answer because they think I'm asking for money.
text:I see, Have you tried for unemployment?	labels:yes i dont qualify.
text:I understand that. What if that is the case? You may need to talk to them and let them know how you feel about that. How long has this been going on?	labels:I'm nervous about asking them why. and it happens on and off like when they feel lie it i guess i will say maybe 4 months.
text:I understand that, but if you want to get to a point that you feel better about it then you will have to speak to them.	labels:yes i know i hope everything be immediately resolved and not lead into other problems and end of friendshps.
text:Do you see them everyday? I understand that, are you able to go over there.	labels:no i dont live in the same city anymore. when i go out of town i can visit but with covid19  rules.
text:Well I can see that you have put the effort in to try and keep the relationship so it sounds like the ball is in their court if they want to do the same.	labels:yes.
text:Well that is about all that can be done and wait for them to come around...Do you have  any hobbies?	labels:yes i like to read and play music.
text:I like to go on runs every morning. It helps to clear my mind and makes it easier to brush things off when they bother me. What instrument do you play?	labels:my sister goes on runs in the morning time and says it relax her for the day i think i migh. i played the piano when i was in highschool.
text:It is a really good stress reliever. I played when I  was younger, didn't ever get very good. Did you?	labels:no i didn't i had to stop because i have what the doctors call a trigger finger it caused great pain when i would practice.
text:Hmm, well maybe take some more lessons, We can always strive to be better at everything we do.	labels:yes that is true.
text:Maybe take a run in order to clear your mind. I'm sure they will come around.	labels:i think i would start off walking i am not in shape to run. yes i will give them time maybe stop reaching out so much.
text:That may be a good idea. Good talk.	labels:yes thank you for talking with me and giving great advice.
text:to them and may find out that it was never anything against you.	labels:yes maybe everyone is stressed at some level thanks to covid19.
text:I sometimes get ahead of myself and try to figure out what is going on and thinking that it was something I did. You are right too. COVID has stressed everyone out to the max. It has been a crazy year I am glad that it is almost over.	labels:yes i hope next year bring blessings for everyone.
text:I'm sure it will. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:no that was all thanks for speaking with me.
text:No problem, I hope everything works out for you and your friends. Have a great New Year!	labels:you to and thanks.
text:Good day!	labels:good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:Hello.
text:Hi :) Is there anything you'd like to talk about? Something on your mind?.	labels:I'm concerned about my job. I have been out of work for the past 5 weeks because I tested positive for COVID-19.
text:Oh I am so sorry to hear that! Are you at least getting sick pay? If not, are you getting advice about help you might be able to access?. Oh I am so sorry to hear that! Are you at least getting sick pay? If not, are you getting advice about help you might be able to access?. (sorry for duplication, not sure what happened there!)	labels:It just keeps getting better...  I applied for the Pandemic Unemployment Assistance and was approved.  The next day, I got an email asking me to verify my identity (I am fine with that.  It actually makes good sense.)...
text:So you have been getting some assistance?.	labels:So I did as instructed and got the message on the website thanking me for verification.  The following week I got a physical letter saying I was approved and the award amount per week. I have gone online once a week and qualified, as one is supposed to do, and still I have not received a cent.
text:I see, so you are really financially struggling at the moment? Is there anywhere else you could apply for assistance? What about a foodbank?.	labels:Calling the customer service line is futile.  The computer just plays a recording that the agents are on other calls and then it disconnects the call.
text:I hear you there - I spent a long time on hold for an official matter the other day. I guess that everyone is really desperate for help and advice right now..	labels:I have been very fortunate.  People in my church have been bringing me food.  I plan on trying to go to the food bank Monday, if they are open.
text:I hope that they can help you. My partner and I have used one before and they were very helpful. I felt a bit ashamed but there was no judgement at all..	labels:I actually got so tired of redialing the Department of Labor and Training that I sent an email to the Lieutenant Governor of the state asking for his assistance in getting the matter resolved.
text:That sounds like a very positive thing to have done. I really hope that they pay some attention to you. This situation is not your fault!.	labels:I have been to this food bank once before, and they actually made me feel very comfortable and welcomed and gave me an information package on other ways the parent organization may be able to assist me.
text:Yes they are run by lovely people. Ours gave us a pamphlet for cheap and easy to make recipes too..	labels:I am very lucky in that the organization is only 3 miles from me.  I will be looking into their rent assistance and employment assistance programs as well.
text:So, at least it sounds like you have a good handle on this and are doing everything you can to help yourself, am I right?.	labels:I have an advantage because I have a professional background in cooking, so I can take random ingredients and turn them into wonderful and nutritious meals.  I just need to have the ingredients.
text:That sounds very encouraging! It's amazing what you can make even with cheap food. Noodles , for instance, are very versatile :).	labels:You are right.  I am definitely not going to sit and pout.  I am just a bit frustrated with the system.
text:It's a very strange situation and I suspect that some of the authorities just feel overwhelmed and have no idea how to cope..	labels:I am concerned that my boss may try to not take me back at my job.  Because this is an "at will" state, he can terminate me without cause.  Although he can not legally fire me for being ill with COVID, he can take me back and simply release me the same day saying that I have become redundant.
text:That would be incredibly immoral of him. Do you feel that he is likely to do such a  thing?.	labels:I would not put it past him.  Sadly.  But I have taken the attitude that if it does occur, there is nothing I can do to change the situation.  I would simply pursue a charge against him for wrongful termination, and seek a new job.
text:That is a very rational way to look at things. I really hope that it does not come to thank though! Thank you for talking and I wish you all the best for the coming months.	labels:I may not win the suit, but I would definitely file one.  In 2000, I had an employer fire me without cause.  I sued and won that time.  Not only did they have to pay me back wages for the 90 days that the investigation took place, which was no minor sum,
text:I am glad that you'd not roll over and accept ill treatment! Well done :).	labels:they were found to be guilty, so the judge granted me my wages based on the average of 80 hour weeks I had been working, all my vacation time, plus the overtime I would have received, holiday pay, and then to put a nice bow on that gift, he awarded me 5000 dollars in damages because the old company lied and said I had broken the law.
text:I am afraid I need to leave now but thank you for talking :) (can you press the quit button and take the survey?) Best wishes!	labels:My current employer actually knows this happened, because years ago we discussed it, and I showed him the award letter from the Department of Labor and Training, itemizing the judge's findings and the awards. Thank you for your time.  Have a great holiday.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you doing?.	labels:I am dong good. You?
text:I am okay thanks but it is a worrying year. Have you been worrying about anything?.	labels:I have been staying home since last March due to COVID; getting very depressed.
text:Ah I hear you, I have been self isolating too. Do you have an online support network?.	labels:What do you mean by support netwrok?
text:Well, friends you can talk to during this difficult time? I have a lot of friends on facebook and similar that I can talk to..	labels:I have few friends and can talk to but not sure how would they help.
text:Sometimes it does just make it easier to know that other people are in the same situation as you :).	labels:You mean share experiences among the friends?
text:Yes .. or at least share coping mechanisms perhaps?. Do you have any hobbies that you can occupy yourself with right now?.	labels:Yes, I pay musical instruments but do to COVID could not play with the band.
text:Could you perhaps set up Zoom meetings where you could play together online?.	labels:Any idea how would it work? Would there be any delay between the sounds from different instruments?
text:No I don't think so :) I think that it is totally live so you could play just as you would if you were together in person..	labels:Thanks for the idea. I will give it a try.
text:I hope it goes well for you. It has been such an awful year, hasn't it?.	labels:Yes, it was.. worst I ever seen..
text:I wish you all the very best for 2021. I hope that you get to get together with your band again and rock!.	labels:I hope so. As they started the vaccination everything should come back to normal in few months... Thanks for your time and support.
text:Yes, all we need to do is be patient! Have a great New Year and thanks for talking..	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what is life like for you at the moment?.	labels:Infinitely complicated. Too many decisions. I don't know what to do.
text:I am sorry to hear that but I am happy to listen and help you if I can. what sort of things are you trying to decide?.	labels:I don't even know where to start. I'm trying to decide if I can build trust with him again. He lied about everything.
text:Well, let's try to take it one problem at a time so's not to get overwhelmed. What is your biggest problem at the moment?. Ah, am I to take it that a relationship has recently ended?.	labels:When we met, before we got involved, he said he was divorced. I ended up finding out that he was still legally married. He assured me that they were just a pen's stroke away from being divorced. That was in March. I found out three weeks ago that they're actually still living together. ANd, no. We haven't broken up yet.
text:Ah I totally hear you .. the old 'we're getting divorced' line. I've been in that one! You are well out of this..	labels:I'm debating. I don't know what to do. I feel like a schmuck. He has such pretty words.
text:From personal experience I think that if they say they're going to get divorced and then drag their feet it is never going to happen..	labels:And he invests so much time and effort into us. I agree with you. My mind agrees. My stupid emotions are clouding things.
text:Well, if you were to give him an ultimatum what do you think he would say?.	labels:I did. LOL.
text:And he's still married?.	labels:And he brought his kids to my house so they could meet my kids. He had a conversation with them about why he and their mother had been living the way they had. (in seperate floors of the house) That was two weeks ago. So, yes, he is. Too soon to tell.
text:I can tell that you feel that you are being cheated here. I can't tell you what to do but don't you think you deserve better?.	labels:I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out. Should I give him time to prove himself now that he's backed into a corner.
text:It's not for me to say but I wonder if he's really going to change as he has not already..	labels:That's not an easy question to answer. He treats me very well. Always has. And he is frantically trying to accomodate me, now htat I know. I agree with you. It's one of my fears.
text:How do your children feel about this? And his?.	labels:MY children (6 and 9) have been living with him in their lives as a male figure who is growing into a father figure. He and I have been together for fifteen months, and part-time living together for six. This isn't a new relationship. That's part of the complication, too. His kids actually asked if they could come live with me while he and his (ex?) figured their shit out.
text:Yes, I can imagine that it is. It is always really difficult when children are involved. I know you would not want your children to be hurt.	labels:It's a messed up situation that COVID has not improved. He was furloughed in May. Indeed I don't, you're right.
text:I hear you. Covid has disrupted the whole world so might this year! I can't wait for it to be over..	labels:But now it seems like it will hurt them if I break up with him.
text:But it will hurt them more the longer the situation goes on :(.	labels:I wish I could say that I were confident that 2021 would be better, but... Too right. And this is all a part of why this is not a simple situation.
text:Well it surely could not be worse :)	labels:I have no doubt that he loves me very much. Hahahaha! Seems that way. He didn't make this lie up for me. That's an interesting thing. He was living the "divorced dad" lie to A LOT of people. Anybody and everybody who was far enough away to be lied to. She lives in her bedroom. Only comes out to work two nights a week. DOesn't want to have anything to do with her kids (5, 9, 11, 13)
text:(sorry was afk let me catch up)	labels:And she and my BF have been living that way for three years. Over a year before I even met him.
text:Is it possible she is suffering from depression?.	labels:I would all but guarantee it.
text:It just worries me that he might treat you the same way if you were ever in the same position.	labels:Here's the other kicker, though... She knows about me. (I know. You're right. I thought that as well)
text:And how does she feel about you?.	labels:She doesn't care. She just wants to keep the status quo. She likes the money and security. (before he was furloughed, he made very good money.)
text:I think it would be better if he  were able to come to a sensible financial solution with her. This situation is damaging for everyone..	labels:Yes! I agree! EVERYBODY!
text:I hope I have been able to have been of some help to you :) A very happy New Year to you!.	labels:Happy New Year!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing?.	labels:could be better.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about anything specific?.	labels:thank you, I just don't know what else to do to get a job?
text:So you're unemployed? I am sorry to hear that. Are you prepared to take jobs that are below your usual level just to get by for a while?.	labels:have tried that but don't even get an interview.
text:It's a very difficult time to be out of work, I know. I hope that there is something out there for you. Have you tried employment agencies?.	labels:yes, I do not qualify for unemployment because I have savings above the min threshold and I also have rental property, which is currently loss making and I can't sell it because it's 30% below market value.
text:Well, on the plus side at least you do have savings .. hopefully this can give you some security for a while. Are your family being supportive of your situation?.	labels:it's almost depleted, been out of work now for nearly 9 months but still can't get unemployment support because of the property that I cannot get rid off else I will declared bankrupt by the mortgage lender.
text:Perhaps bankruptcy might not be a bad option? You would be eligible for some help then at least..	labels:family is not being fully supported compared to when I had full time job. had to get rid of one car and other things just to get by. but the cost is 7 years of my future???
text:So you feel as though you have been working hard all your life and now you need help and support and are not getting it.	labels:very well put. seems i am being penalised for working hard, saving and investing? I should have been on more holidays and lived all the way above my means!
text:I know how you feel .. I sometimes feel I would have been better off if I'd just not bothered working!. Anyway thank you for talking and I really hope things go better for you in the future :).	labels:thank you for your help.
text:You're welcome :) You need to press quit first and take the survey before I can :). hello? :).	labels:say i can't quit until we have exchanged 10 messages or spent 15min. I think that has all been done, yes?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:hi! I am good. you?
text:I am not so bad thanks. Is there anything on your mind right now?.	labels:Yes I have been wanting to find online jobs like this but it is so competitive.
text:I hear you! I do gig work online too but it can be very difficult to find any. I think a lot more people are working online due to the pandemic..	labels:totally1.
text:Are you struggling financially at the moment, then?.	labels:Have you heard of Appen? They are similar to Mturk but they pay more. I still have a main job but due to big increase of my house expense, I need to work more, way more.
text:I have not but I appreciate the recommendation! I think that we all need to come together and help each other at this time..	labels:anytime, true true. i have applied to Appen a few times, and they always say there is no position available now.
text:Are you aware that there are organisations that can offer a little help at this time? Food banks for instance, though I know some people feel awkward about accepting such help..	labels:ah yes, food banks, yeah I never thought about it but free food always helps..
text:I have had to use foodbanks once or twice this year and I did feel a bit bad about it but everyone there was very kind and no-one judged us..	labels:If i lose my main job I will use it.
text:There is nothing to be ashamed of in doing so and when you get to a better position you can give back to them..	labels:sorry about that, but that's good, people help each other. Absolutely! Volunteering is a great spirit..
text:Do you feel you will be getting the vaccine when it is rolled out where you are?.	labels:yes. how about you.
text:That is a good idea - yes, I will get it. I think and hope it will help 2021 to be a better year than 2020 has been!.	labels:Great, I agree with you completely.
text:So, you feel that the New Year might be a turning point for us all?.	labels:I guess summer next year would be.
text:Yes it might take a little while - we are definitely not out of the woods yet and people do need to stick to the regulations to try to mitigate the situation..	labels:totally!	episode_done:True
text:Hey there. How are you?\nI AM FINE. HOW IS YOUR SIDE ?	labels:I am ok, I'm having a hard time dealing with the pandemic though.
text:Please how may i be of help.	labels:I am having a hard time being motivated to do anything.
text:okay.	labels:Do you have any suggestions that might help me feel better?
text:I could see how bad you feel because of that.	labels:What do you like to do for yourself when you feel bad?
text:It happens anyway, but not all the time. when did it start and what do you think that can cause that.	labels:It started with the pandemic. I think it is because we have to stay home to be safe but other people don't listen and more people are dying because of it.
text:I am like that sometime,  I switch to what I love doing most. it good to be safe, pandemic has caused my hoodlums.	labels:What do you love doing most?
text:do you have anything?, that you love doing most.	labels:I like to read.
text:I love playing soccer game, anytime I am not motivated to work or do anything in office or home, I pick my phone play soccer game. I will laugh, enjoy myself, within 5 minutes , I do gain my morale.	labels:I like that suggestion, thank you.
text:that is good, reading is a good hobby.	labels:I should try soccer, that sounds like fun.
text:It seems you like reading novel.	labels:I do. I like many books.
text:very fun, within some minutes , you will be alive back and motivated. that is good, you can have soft copies on your phone, open it anytime your are bored.	labels:That is a good idea too, I will use my phone to read too.	episode_done:True
text:I need some tips to overcome from that problem.\nHey. How can I help?	labels:Give me some tips to get succeed in my life.
text:Okay. Well lets start with exactly what the problem is. What kind of tips do you need?	labels:I was totally upset due to my financial career.
text:Okay I understand. Tell me a little about that.	labels:I had a lot of debts.
text:That is unfortunate. How did you accumulate such debt?	labels:Because of this covid situation.
text:That's tough. It has personally affect me as well as my financial health as well. I know the frustration.	labels:So please tell me some advice.
text:Well to do so I need a little more information. Have you already taken any steps to help your situation? If so what steps have you taken?	labels:yes I arranged a loan in a bank.
text:Okay that is an excellent start. Now to avoid another debt later on. Do you have a job to work with the payments to pay back the loan?.	labels:yes I works in a broad wide company. So I will manage.
text:If I may offer a suggestion. Have you thought of contacting a debt relief program? In some cases they can substantially reduce debt to something much more manageable.	labels:ok bye. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.	labels:Hello.
text:How r u.	labels:Not doing too well.
text:What is your day like.	labels:Bleak and depressing.  How is yours going?
text:What seems to be the issue. What is making you feel this way.	labels:My girlfriend left me and I am all alone.
text:That is rough. How long ago.	labels:This happened nine days ago.  I haven't been able to sleep or eat very well this whole time.
text:I can assume that the relationship was for awhile.	labels:We were together for six and a half years.
text:Breakups are hard especially when you have been together for awhile.	labels:Yes, and I think I will miss the pegging the most.  No one can do it better or harder than her.
text:That was along time. 6 years. WAs the breakup sudden or had it gradually happened over time. What may I ask is pegging.	labels:It was probably gradual, but it seemed like all of a sudden at the end.
text:had there been any disagreements.	labels:Pegging is when she puts on a strap on and pleasures me from behind.  It is definitely a niche fetish.
text:R u a female.	labels:The biggest disagreement was that she wanted to start pegging other guys, and I told her no way, we did not agree to that arrangement. No I am a male.  But please don't judge me, I am very fragile right now.
text:i am not judging you in anyway. Helps me better understand. WAs there another person involved with the relationship or just you both.	labels:I really miss her a lot, I would let her peg those other guys if she wanted to, I just need to get her back in my life.  I told her I would give her as many rimjobs that she requested. There were other women and men that she would bring home for us to have threesomes with.  It made me feel like she was in power.
text:sounds like you both had a solid relationship.	labels:Very solid like a rock.  I feel like you are mocking me now.  Are you a man or woman?
text:Was she domineering in the relationship she felt she needed control. i am a man. And no I am not mocking you. Just better understanding of the relationship.	labels:Yes, but I wanted her to be domineering, that is how I like it.	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:Hey. You there?
text:Hi  I stepped out, how are you?	labels:I'm okay I guess. How are you?
text:Good, I am good.  Is there anything I can be of an assistence today?	labels:I don't know. I've been dealing with a lot this last month.
text:I feel you. You might be just feeling a little tired.. Do you feel like you need a rest?	labels:Ha I'm a mother of two small children, I'm always tired lol.
text:Mom of 2 kids! You must be super busy.. How are they doing today, playful? calm?	labels:I'm always busy im surprised i can sit down to do this lol.
text:Oh well, it is a small gift then. I hope you can utilize this nice time. Never know when you lose your free time, it maybe in a next few minutes?	labels:Yes I am thankful for every moment of peace. Idk honestly it always varies on how long my autistic toddler stays occupied XD.
text:It is so adorable when toddlers are occupied with something, like playing with toys. I might feel worried if my free time lasts long, becuause it is so unusual!	labels:Exactly, when it gets quiet it gets suspicious XD Right now my little girl has her woody doll and bo peep doll making them kiss while she watches sherk lol. My 8 years old is engrossed in his cellphone..
text:haha, I cannot help smiling when picturing them. Are you seeing them over an indoor surveillance camera ? What does your 8 years one do on his cell phone?	labels:No my little ones stay in the room around me. They feel insecure since their father walked out on us. So they tend to stick as close to me as possible lately.
text:Ok you are around them really close. Oh well, these days single parent is becoming more popular, don't worry. Some kids have 2 parents and some don't, I hope kids will learn that.. But they are so cute, that they are making sure that you will not go away !. It is sad though I heard kids tend to blame themselves for those uncontrollable events. I hope your kids will not.	labels:Yea one of the flaws with my marriage. I stayed so they would have both parents. Now they dont. I just hope ill be able to teach them and raise them on my own.	episode_done:True
text:What canI do to help?	labels:Hi! I am trying to find a new job for long time. There is no success in it.
text:I feel bad for you. There are many openings for Uber and Uber Eats. What were you doing before you were looking for a job? Were you in college?	labels:I am not a good driver.
text:What do you find are your top skill sets?	labels:I was working in an IT company as a program analyst.
text:That is good that you have a good skill set that allows you to find something in the same field of IT.	labels:I am really having hard time to get one.
text:How so? What is the specific difficulty? Is it with your resume? Are you feeling nervous? Anxious?	labels:The reason is recession or might be COVID..
text:Any other questions or concerns that you may have for me?	labels:I am stressed.
text:Well, how do you adapt to the work issue? Do you like dogs? There are opportunities for dog walkers. I made good money in the past walking my neighbors and friends dogs.	labels:I don't have any pet so no experience with it.
text:When I get stressed, I try to do vigorous exercises with pushups, chin ups, sit ups or walking fast. Do you have a place that you can walk briskly in your area of town?	labels:I am not worried financially . I am feeling depressed by trying again and agian, never happened with me before.
text:Losing a job? It never happened for you before?	labels:There are recreational parks, and trails near by.
text:I would join a support group for those people who need support and want to change careers. There are support groups online to help with job loss who can advise you on where to use your interests and skills  to have a more fulfilling life.	labels:I love my career just getting bit demotivated.
text:Well, what other questions or concerns do you have for me?	labels:Thanks for letting  me know. I would definitely do search. That was all! Thanks for all your support.
text:I feel that you have really expressed the important things in your life that you need to. I am proud of you. I have been down, but I reached out to support groups.	labels:Have a wonderful New Year ahead! Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello! How are you today?	labels:Ok I guess. I do not know how to tell my husband that I am lonely and I want out of the marriage.
text:Oh, that sure is a heavy subject and a heavy thing to be on your mind.	labels:He is not one you can talk to he usually just brushes things off.
text:So you have tried to discuss your loneliness with your husband before?	labels:Yes he tells me it’s just in my head and I could just go out with him, but he drinks then to much so I do not like going out with him.
text:I am sure that is frustrating! Does he drink at home as well or just when you go out?	labels:Just when he goes out I do not go with him I do not drink and drive. And he hangs with some obnoxious people.
text:Would a date night at home with take-out and a movie just the two of you be an option?	labels:He would go to sleep , and then he thinks I am crazy he says we are no kids anymore that need to go on a date we are married.
text:Do you think you both might be open to talking to a marriage counselor?	labels:I want that but I doubt he will talk he tells me he has no problems I have them, and all it does is I doubt myself. I turned this situation in every direction and I just am not able to find a solution.
text:Well, what about you finding a counselor for yourself who could help you with your own self-care? Perhaps it could be a start and then he/she could help you end your marriage if you still want to. It took me awhile to learn my own value and how important self-care is.	labels:You know what I like that idea. Maybe you are right  I might get then some self esteem as well again.
text:I know from experience that our self esteem suffers when we're in an unhappy marriage. It takes a lot of courage to seek help so I applaud you!	labels:Thank you you are very kind.
text:I'm glad I could help and I wish you the best of luck!	labels:I always think when he acts these ways it’s me because I am not pretty enough or have few pounds to muc. Thank stay safe.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:I'm, okay, thanks, and you?  I'm feeling a bit down because I'm alone for the holidays.
text:Well that's no good, does your family live far away?	labels:Yes, my family is scattered all over the country, like Seattle, Georgia, PA.  I'm sure I'm not the only one with no plans this weekend, though.
text:True but I can understand that, it is hard being alone at the holidays. Did you have plans this weekend?	labels:No.  My nearby friends all went away for the holidays.  I could probably just occupy my time with things I need or want to do in order to distract myself.
text:What kind of hobbies do you have?	labels:I'm teaching myself the piano.  I'm also teaching myself  how to work a stenography machine for possible future employment as a stenographer.  I also like to read novels.
text:I have never understood how those work..I find it amazing someone can type out whole words or sentences with one word.	labels:Yeah, it's pretty cool.  For example, if I hit DRAT in one stroke, then "Did there come a time" will appear in English on my machine's  LCD screen.
text:Wow that is crazy, I don't understand how that works, is it preprogrammed or does it go by how the word sounds?.	labels:Each stenographer has their own "Personal Dictionary" which is a list of words in English along with how you in particular write out those words or phrases in steno.  This dictionary is present within the actual steno machine after you transfer it from your laptop to the machine via cable or wifi.  Thus your machine then knows how you write out words in particular and how to translate those words from steno to English - each stenographer writes a little differently.
text:OK that makes sense, so you basically program it as the user. I take it your stenography machine becomes pretty close to you lol. Is this your first holiday alone?	labels:Yes, exactly!  And it's very important to back up your personal dictionary to the cloud or a seperate drive so that you don't lose it in a hard-drive crash.  A lot of work goes into creating that dictionary!  No, it's happened before, being along for the holidays; but you've helped to cheer me up, so thanks!
text:No problem, I hope I have made your day a little better!	labels:You have, thanks!  Did you do anything special?
text:Have a good rest of this year and don't forget to make your New Year's resolution!	labels:I will do that - you too.  Thanks, again...
text:Not really, stayed home lol... Have a good one!	labels:You too... bye now...	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello.	labels:Hope you are doing well.
text:i'm good, what is troubling you this afternoon?	labels:I am not happy with my friends. They were trying to let me down.
text:if i get you clearly, you mean your friend disappointed you. how?	labels:Yes. There were a argument between two of my friend while trying to resolve the issue they all started targeting me..
text:i have a hard time with my friends too sometimes.	labels:Then what you do at that time.
text:i used to give them time to cool off, when they are back to their senses, they will contact me and apologize. what causes the argument in the first place ?	labels:I was trying to stop the fight, I just said bit loud , "Stop  all this  nonsense at my place." Then they all started backfiring me..
text:oh,jst give them time to reflect on what happen, they will definitely reach out to you, but you also have to make an effort to forgo the situation because they see you raising your voice on them as a sign of command of seniority.	labels:I feel like not talking to them. Without any reason they made such a big mess. I feel like they are not my true friends. you are right I should give them time to realize their mistakes.
text:exactly, that will also gives you the necessary time to know how to react to their forthcoming apologies.	labels:Thanks for all your suggestions. I would try to implement on it..
text:even if they haven't reach out, that doesn't mean they are not sorry. just be patient with them.	labels:Thanks! I would not going to talk to them. have a wonderful New Year! Bye.
text:yes, give them time. same to you friend.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:I recently lost my job due to Covid 19 and I'm scared.\nWhen did you lose your job?	labels:About 2 weeks ago.
text:I feel bad for you, but there are options.	labels:What do you recommend?
text:I suggest working on your resume and hitting job boards.	labels:Oh that's a great idea.  What job boards do you recommend? I've never used one before.
text:Was it just you that lost the job or a whole unit/department?	labels:It was jus tme.
text:Google your past job title title and add openings. Was it a computer job or a job where you have to be working in-person?	labels:I worked in a restaurant as a server.  I don't have any other formal job training, I'm not sure what else I can do.
text:May I suggest Uber, Lyft, Door Dash or Grub Hub or Uber Eats? Do you have a car to use as a delivery driver?	labels:Wow I never thought of that.  I do have a car and I could probably deliver.  I wonder how safe that is though.
text:I read that all you need is to wear a mask as you drive around to put up and deliver food to the masses. Plus, gas prices are relatively cheap at 2.25 a gallon, nationally.	labels:yeah definitely!  Contact free probably!  WOw that is great advice. Ok I will check into food delivery!
text:You can also send out flyers to do dog walking in the neighborhood. Do you like doggies?	labels:Unfortunately I am allergic to dogs.
text:Or are you a cat person?	labels:No I can't be around cats either.
text:I feel that you seem to be taking to food delivery. I did food delivery for three different companies and I have liked it.	labels:Yes definitelh. Oh wow really?  You liked it? That is good to hear!
text:You seem to be a real go-getter from the short conversation that we have had so far.	labels:Thank you.  You have made me see that my situation is not as hopeless as I thought!
text:I worked in the restaurant business about a decade ago, but restaurants need so many people to deliver their food. When I was younger, the food delivery business was minimal.	labels:Yes, I bet they do, and especially now during Covid!
text:I feel that if you start applying now for those jobs and you have a decent car, there is plenty of opportunity to make money with Grub Hub and Uber Eats.	labels:Yes, I really think you are correct!  thank you so very much for your help today!
text:The survivor rate from COVID-19 infections is around 99%, so your chances of dying from the virus are still low.	labels:Yes, this is very true!
text:I suggest taking Vitamin D3 and Zinc to protect against the virus.  I take a ton of vitamins.	labels:Do you?  I think I will try them too.
text:They say that the immune system can combat a lot of nasty crud if it is strong.	labels:yes for sure!
text:It's really great that you are on here seeking the information that you need.  It is important to communicate effectively.	labels:you are so right. I was reluctant at first to try it, but it has been very helpful!  Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hope you are doing well. How may I help you today?	labels:Good afternoon. I am not good at all.
text:I seems like you are not feeling well. Am I correct?	labels:Not about feeling well, it is about layoff from my job.
text:Sorry to hear about it. Due to COVID most of us are trap with certain problem.	labels:It very serious here in my company firstly it was cut off and now it is layoff.
text:It's really hard time but we should keep hopes. It will end soon.	labels:Seriously! What I am scare of now is how to secure now job.
text:I can understand it could be a hard time for you. You try to keep working on your skill. For sure you will find a way.	labels:I pray it works for me, I don't even dream about this at all I don't believed it can happen to me.
text:I felt the same way when 50% people were laid off from my previous company.  Situation was really stressful all around. I was trying to stay positive and kept working.. I know sometime its hard to believe what happen with us suddenly, At that time we should keep moving and try to find a way..	labels:I don't even know where to star from now I am confused.
text:Due to COVID Unemployment rate has increased drastically. Most of the people are facing tough time somehow. I would suggest you to keep trying or working on. Try to explore your strength. I am pretty sure you will get it.	labels:That is it my friend! A lot of people are losing their jobs on daily basis, that one a lone is scaring.
text:I can understand its hard to find a job right now. The situation will not gonna stay the same, we should keep trying. .	labels:Thanks friend! That is what I was thinking about.
text:Hope my words will help you stay positive at this tough time which all of us are facing.  The very important thing right now is to stay healthy and safe. Take care.	labels:I will keep on try on till I secure a new job I will not rest. You are too good friend! I like your advice. It is time to go now. Thanks and good bye.	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:Hello.
text:how are doing you today, what is troubling you?.	labels:I am not good at all.
text:you are not good, why.	labels:I am scaring about layoff from job.
text:oh, if i get you clearly, you mean covid-19 impact on your job might soon affect you job.	labels:You are very correct. Pandemic is giving us problems.
text:yeah, covid-19 is a real bummer but i am sure we will soon get over it and the economy will bounce back.	labels:I pray its over soon, firstly it was paying cut off and now it is layoff.
text:i was furloughed my self and now i am working part-time, its not s lot but it is better than nothing.	labels:Seriously! What I  am scare of now is how to secure another job.
text:i can feel your pain just by chatting with you. i was scared at first too before but now that i gat something i am doing it feels better a bit.	labels:It is not easy my friend! I don't even dream about this at all I don't believed it is happening.
text:yea, it soo surreal, but even though there is a lot lost jobs, there is still a lot of job you can get to keep things balance .	labels:That is it my friend! A lot of people are losing their jobs every day by day that one a lone is caring.
text:first of all, polish your resume, go online and ask around.	labels:Thanks friend! That what I was thinking about. You are too good friend, it is time to go thanks.
text:from what i have heard and seen, there is job somewhere around, you just have to ask the right person.	labels:Thanks for being there for me. we have to go now. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello there, how are you.	labels:Doing well. How are you?
text:Good, im ok thanks. What would like to discuss?	labels:I am depressed staying home due to COVID.
text:Oh so sorry to hear. Would you feel a little bit happy when you think when it is over, next year probably?	labels:Absolutely... can't wait until its over !!
text:I know right! What would you do once it is over!?	labels:I just want to go to my favorite bar and have a drink.... Do  you have any other suggestion? I am person who wants to go to work not working from home. So, I would be happy to get back to the office and see the other co-workers..
text:oh nice! I used to love drinking and partying..	labels:Do you have any suggestion for me?
text:My suggestion is to do all you want to do, really. Because I think you know yourself really well..	labels:That's true.. Do you think this will be over soon?
text:For a social bees like yourself, staying home would be stressful. I would call all your friends and make some plans for the next year, plans for NYE 2022 etc.	labels:That is an excellent suggestion. Thank you..
text:I am guessing sometime summer next year? We get all  shots and good to go..	labels:I hope so. Do you think we would get the vaccine soon?
text:My friend suggested to get a party ticket for 1.5 year later. You're welome!	labels:Yes, buying something in advance might provide some savings... Thanks for the suggestion.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHelo, how are you?	labels:Can't seem to shake this overall sadness I feel.
text:Are you feeling sort of depressed? I am sorry.	labels:Yes I am.
text:Would you feel happy if you think about after Covid, maybe next year?	labels:I am hoping I will. I just have such a hopeless feeling.
text:have you been sleeping enough?	labels:Yes, probably too much.
text:Do you like morning or night?	labels:Probably morning.
text:Me too. I like morning too. Air feels fresh, although it is little contaminated here. At night time, I feel a little bit anxiety more.. So I sleep really early. Sleeping feels good anyway? Do you feel ok while you're sleeping?	labels:Yes. I just feel sad during the day and can't make it go away.
text:I suggest listening to sad yet beautiful music. It sometimes helps me. Do you like classical music?	labels:I haven't really tried it.
text:When you are sad, listening to upbeat music may disturb you. Listening to instrumental music maybe good for you..	labels:Ok, I will give that a try.
text:I just checked YouTube and searched for some music. Good, I hope it will soothe your mind..	labels:Thank you, I am willing to try that.	episode_done:True
text:Hi I am feeling blue, things aren't going well at all.\nHello, hello. I am so sorry to hear. Can I ask you more about it?	labels:my girlfriend and I split after 4 years!
text:Oh no!!! I am sorry, how do you feel? sad? joyful?	labels:Ver sad and lonely.  I loved her. Very* What should I do?
text:oh no. I can totally understand that feeling. 4 years is a long time.	labels:Thanks it is.  She said I was neglecting her and we had a big fight.  haven't talked to her in a month.
text:I would recommend doing your own thing, for example, devote into your hobby or do some other jobs..	labels:Do you think drinking alcohol will help?
text:Ohhhh. well. I never ditch my partner, always my partner ditch me, so I do not know why they do that.. I think it will worsen..	labels:You had a similar experience? I want to drink till I forget about her.
text:yes, I quit alcohol 3 years ago. it took me 20 years.	labels:How did you do it?
text:It took me 1 whole year to forget about my ex. It took me 1 whole year to forget about my ex. my ex told me I am a partygirl because I drink too much, so I stopped. Trying to get him like me more. Since then I have not been drinking..	labels:Did you find someone else?
text:nope. I am cool without man.	labels:that's the way to be.  but I am too lonely. . I have a secret account so I can still see her on facebook do you think that's a good idea?
text:haha, smart, yes. No need to force yourself to forget about her. I heard men cannot do without a woman but women don't really need a man.	labels:Ya that way maybe I can get her back at the right time. I feel a little better- thanks.  it was nice chatting.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you feeling today?.	labels:I am not feeling the best. I have been having some depression, because of not being able to see friends and family during this pandemic.
text:Oh, boy, do I know that feeling! How are you dealing with it? (if I may ask)	labels:I try to message them as much as possible and call them on the phone but it is just not the same as actually getting to give the a hug and see them in person.
text:I know that. I use Zoom, just to see them...do you have a computer?	labels:Yes. That works for some of my family but I have family in the nursing home that does not have access to computers. I haven't seen them in several months. It just breaks my heart.
text:Oh. I can feel it. I have someone who's sick as well. Do you have any one friend with whom you can share your feelings, your depression. I understand you're having issues with depression, right? It sometimes helps me to feel that we're all in this together. And, at the other end of this, we will be able to give the biggest hugs ever!	labels:Yes. I have some very dear friends that have helped me a lot. I guess the depression is just worse because it is the holidays and this is the first year that I haven't got to spend it with my extended family members.
text:Oh....That's so tough...it being the first year!!!! Sometimes, I cry (I cry with my cat), and just to say the feelings out loud makes me feel a bit better..	labels:Yeah. I have a little dog that has been my cuddle buddy. I have had him for 13 years so he has seen me ugly cry many times. What are some things you do to deal with depression?
text:I try to read, watch programs or podcasts that take away my negativity. Anything that will give me a lift, so that my own depression won't get so bad that I can't remember what it felt like to be a bit happy..	labels:That sounds like some good advice. I think I will try to find a good podcast or a good comedy series that I like and spend time doing that. It's hard to be sad when you are watching something funny or listening to something funny. Thank you for the good advice and the listening ear.
text:I wish that I could listen to more....this thing is so slow. Remember, we're all in this together, and we will come out the other end. Isn't it OK to be happy a bit, even though this takes such a toll on so many people?	labels:That is so true. I guess we tend to feel guilty if we feel happy since there is so much sadness in the world right now. But you are so right about the fact that we will come out on the other side. It helps to remember that bad things don't last forever.
text:Yes, and are you somewhere where you can walk or exercise a bit? I always feel better if I can move around...dance...something active. What I find helps me the most is to remember that we need to stay safe and be OK, so that we will be here to celebrate when this is over..	labels:Yes. I live in the country so I can go for nice walks when the weather is nice. Staying safe is definitely important right now.
text:Oh...it's fortunate that you live in the country. Can you take some deep breathes and watch the trees, the animals, and nature....they are all here for us???	labels:Yes that is exactly what I do. Thank you so much for your help today. You have made me feel better just having someone to vent to.
text:Keep venting, if it makes you feel better. I know I do when I can talk to someone I don't know. Is it nice where you are today, so that you can look at something bigger than the indoors?? That often helps me feel better.	labels:Yes. It the weather is very pretty here today. As a matter of fact, I think I am fixing to go for a nice walk. I hope you have a wonderful day and thank you for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi! How are you today?	labels:I have been better.
text:It sounds like you might be upset. Can you tell me what’s going on?	labels:My ex partner and I broke up a long time ago because they cheated on me. Now they will not stop contacting my friends and family and posting about me on social media.
text:That sounds difficult and stressful. What do you do when you see it happening?	labels:I usually just document it and try to not go online for a while. It is hard to ignore.
text:It sounds like you are avoiding things you enjoy because of their actions. I think documenting it is a good idea! Have you tried reporting them for harassing you?	labels:I have tried but everyone just tells me there is nothing they can do because they don't think it is dangerous or criminal at this point.
text:That must be very frustrating. Can you tell me if you’ve tried other things to get them to stop?.	labels:I have confronted them in person but it was dramatic to say the least. They basically had a meltdown that they don't want to lose me.
text:You tried to do the right thing and they are having a difficult time letting go. The ongoing comments through social media sounds like they are wanting your attention. That can be exhausting for you. In my past, I had to block someone who did something similar to me. If my friends mentioned seeing something from my ex about me, I asked them to keep it to themselves or consider blocking them,too. The people who were closest to me understood what was going on and I realized that people who didn’t know me, didn’t matter. Would you be willing to suggest this to friends or family if it would help to remove the ex from your interactions?	labels:I have encouraged my friends to block them as well, but a new account always pops up. My ex really will not give up..
text:I see. How long has this been going on and is this a daily occurrence or does it happen at certain times?	labels:It has been happening for at least 6 months now and it usually happens every weekend.
text:I can sense your frustration. It must be overwhelming at times and make you dread the weekends. It sounds like it has become a habit for your ex. It might help if you write a letter to them explaining that you are ready to move on and are asking them to do the same. Explain that you are giving them the opportunity to stop harassing you in the following ways [list some of the details you have documented]. Inform them that if they do not stop, you are considering taking it further regarding harassing communications and that this letter serves as your intention to no longer tolerate their actions. Send it via certified mail and keep a copy. This will give them no way to immediately respond and would be the first step of official documentation should they decide to continue.  Do you think that might help?	labels:I think that is an excellent idea! That is a good way to end this once and for all.
text:I sincerely hope it is a step toward you regaining your control  over how you are able to interact with people. I wish you the best in dealing with this and hope you begin to feel better about it soon, especially entering into a new year!.	labels:Thank you very much!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there, how can I help you?	labels:I would like some help with the problem I am facing.
text:OK, sure. Can you tell me what the problem is? I'll do my best to help.	labels:Well I am going into my next college semester next month, and I am very frightened about a calculus class I have to take. It's an honors course and I am very worried that I will not do well.
text:I can understand that. It must be an important exam for you. Do you enjoy calculus? I'm terrible at anything with numbers, myself!	labels:I don't remember, I took an easy calculus course in high school but that was a couple years ago. I only got a B there, so I'm worried about taking an honors one. I have to take it for my degree goal.
text:A B is a great result! Are there any revision courses that you can access to help refresh your skills?	labels:I don't think so, the campus is closed due to the pandemic. There are a few online tutors but they are almost always busy.
text:This pandemic has really made it difficult to get anything done hasn't it. Do you know of anyone else who is looking to take the course that you got revise together with? I always find it easier to work through things like this with someone else.	labels:Yes the pandemic has affected many of my friends and their families, very difficult these times are. No, none of my friends are taking the class/ none of them have ever taken calculus.
text:There seem to be some really good online courses out there. It might be worth sending out enquiries to a number of tutors, asking them to get in touch as soon as they are free, and in the meantime working through something online to help build up your confidence?	labels:That sounds like some good advice to me. Maybe I'll try working on it for my confidence like you said.
text:I bet once you get into it again it will all come back to you. Sometimes getting started is the hardest part.	labels:I think you're right! Do you believe in me? That I will pass well?
text:I think that if you got a B once, you can do it again, and if you really want it, which you clearly do, you can do anything! Aim for an A, you can do it!	labels:Thank you very much you've been very helpful. God bless you have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hai friend how are you?\nHello! How may I assist you today?	labels:hey, Mmm I haven't slept.
text:It sounds you did not sleep. am I right?	labels:I lost my job due to pandemic , Now I not able to satisfy my needs.
text:Oh! sorry to hear about that. I can understand it might be tough for you to deal all this.	labels:I asked help from my friend, relatives and applied in online . not yet receive any positive result.
text:I know you can handle this tough time situation. These tough time teach us so many lessons and give the solutions too.	labels:I can't able to pay rent and hospital fees.
text:By chatting with you I can totally understand how you are feeling at this movement. Such situations put so much burden on us.	labels:Sorry , I can't come over the situation . I lost my hope.
text:I feel the same when there is some financial or emotional problems in my life. Then I realize why I am not that  strong to face it or why I was not prepare for it?	labels:If there is any opportunity we will put forward , but all the doors were closed , I was corner and helpless.
text:From my past experience I have leant at tough time like this, we should not give up. We should keep trying and some solution will come definitely..	labels:Yes I accept your thought and gives me support , thanks you for your concern.
text:What I have seen If we keep trying and stay motivated towards our goal, we for sure get that.	labels:Please refer me if you have any friend .
text:Sure! I would suggest you to keep trying, try to stay positive in this tough time where we all are struggling.	labels:Thanks a lot Bro.
text:Wishing you best wishes and stay healthy.	labels:Have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nHi, how are you?	labels:Im okay, just a bit out of it.
text:Ok, how may I help you?	labels:I'm just feeling depressed with the year ending. This year wasn't a great one.
text:Yes, it is the same for most of the people. Any thing particular bothering you?	labels:I think just general how covid hasn't been resolved yet. Its sad being stuck at home.
text:So, you cannot go out due to COVID and that makes you frustrated. Is that correct?	labels:More sad I would say.
text:Have you done anything different than usual while staying at home?	labels:No not really. I just finished the semester.
text:You could explore some of your hobbies, such as music, painting, or workingout..	labels:Hmm what specific hobbies would you recomend?
text:Whichever you enjoy.. pick one. There are a lots of online resources you cloud use.	labels:Do you know of any specific online resources? I haven't looked at this before.
text:What would you like to do in your spare time?	labels:Mainly just watching youtube vids.
text:Have you ever thought of creating videos for YouTube?	labels:I haven't. I might try that. Thanks for the suggestion.
text:Yes, give it a try.. you might like and it will keep you busy during stay home time..	labels:Okay thank you I will!
text:Anyting else, I can hlep you with?	labels:No I think I'm good.	episode_done:True
text:Hey there! How are you feeling today?	labels:Not so well.
text:Is something troubling you?	labels:im very sad about my situation.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. I know how bad it can feel when life throws you a curve-ball. Can you tell me about your situation?	labels:my girlfriend was break up with me two days ago.
text:Oh dear. That is a very upsetting situation. It sounds like you might be feeling lonely and rejected as a result of your girlfriend breaking up with you. Is that right?	labels:yeah! we were in a relationship for three years, and suddenly she broke up with me.
text:That's a long time. I was in a similar situation not too long ago and I understand how hard this must be for you.	labels:I taught that she was my everything hereafter. but the fate plays a great game upon me.
text:During a time like this, some people find it helpful to keep busy doing some kind of activity to take their mind off of their pain. Is there something you can do to take your mind off of it until you're ready to manage your feelings?	labels:I have some activities to do so, but i cannot able to concentrate on what i am doing.
text:Okay, that's very understandable. I'm sure there's another strategy we can come up with. Do you have a friend or family member you can talk about your feelings with?	labels:yeah! i have few friends.
text:That's great. You've already taken a huge step by reaching out for help and that's a big deal! A good next step might be letting the people around you know that you need some support at this time. Sometimes people don't know something until you tell them, even if it seems obvious. Is that something you can do?	labels:But i can't tell this to them because they also become sad when they know about this.
text:Okay, I understand. Do you feel embarrassed because this is happening to you?	labels:yes i am. and i don't know how to overcome from this kind of sadness.
text:I understand that your feelings of sadness run very deep. Do you have people in your life who you can safely spend time with without necessarily talking about your feelings? Feeling connected to people can help quite a lot.	labels:yes i have someone. who is my well wisher.
text:It's great that you have someone who can give you positivity and support. Do you feel comfortable with trying that or would you like to explore other options?	labels:but, what can i do with them in this situation. do you have any idea?
text:It might be helpful to simply spend some time together. Connecting with someone who cares about you can help reassure your positive feelings in yourself.	labels:ohhh...I understand.
text:If you feel able to, something outdoors might be good. Fresh air and physical activity can help lower anxiety and doing a mutual activity can help strengthen bonds between people.	labels:shall i try gym workouts? is that work for me to overcome?
text:Yes, that's a great idea! It sounds like you're already better at this than you think.	labels:The Idea came up to me just now.
text:Fantastic. I hope this strategy works for you and helps you feel better.	labels:yeah! i think so, and i don't have to tell this to anyone.
text:Exactly! You don't have to do anything that you're not comfortable with.	labels:yes, I need to be strong on my emotions.
text:Feeling strong is very empowering but it's okay to feel vulnerable sometimes too. There are no wrong answers here. Do you feel good about the strategies you can use or would you like to continue exploring your options?	labels:I feel good about the strategies i want to use.
text:That's wonderful! You already have the tools to work through this. I wish you all the best!	labels:yeah, i will try to start a new life.	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHello, how can I help you today?	labels:I don't know what to do. I want to quit and punch the new manager in the face.
text:So if I understand correctly, you are upset with your job and your manager?	labels:The company mostly and myself for having to work there. I can't quit because I have bills to pay and it will be hard to find other job right now.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I can imagine it is challenging to work at a place where you are unhappy. And I understand it is a tough time right now.	labels:Yes, it is. And the new manager is useless! He does not appreciate my efforts at all and I know more than him.
text:Yes, I can totally relate! I have been there. I was in a very similar situation at a previous job when departments were reorganized and I ended up working for someone who wasn't familiar with my work. It was a challenge and frustrating. While I know jobs are scarce right now, do you think you might consider at least taking a look at some job sites, doing some searches just to see if there are some other jobs you might be interested in?	labels:Yes, that's really frustrating. I find myself biting my tongue more than once every day when I hear his opinions about the work.
text:Oh yes, I totally get that! I remember having to do the exact same thing, very frustrating!	labels:Yes, I have done it. I might try writing alternatives and see if that helps. I used to journal when I was younger but stopped doing when I started working.
text:That is a great idea! And there are job sites such as indeed and others you can search to see what jobs are available. You never know. I just know how challenging it is to be in a situation where you are unhappy with your job.	labels:I will look into that site. I will have to update my resume as well.
text:Journaling is an excellent idea!! It has helped me a lot! It can help you discover things you might not have otherwise thought about. . That sounds great! Yes, updating your resume is important..	labels:I agree. It is just hard to fit it in when you're always working.
text:I totally get understand that! I know you are in a challenging situation now. But you have come up with some great ideas and you sound very intelligent! I believe in you and feel things will get better for you!	labels:Thanks a lot for that. I feel encouraged and a little better now. I can regain control of things if I focus on the solutions. Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi! How can I help you today ?	labels:I am feeling quite sad. I miss hanging out with my friends in person.
text:It looks like you are missing your friends a a lot.  am I right?	labels:Yes.
text:I am missing my friends and family too. Due to COVID it's hard for all of us to meet our near and dear. I can totally understand your feeling.	labels:What do you do to cope?
text:I do video call. It makes me feel that they are very close to me..	labels:I do that occasionally but it really is not the same..
text:I can feel how much you are missing them especially in holidays.  engaging yourself in doing the stuff  which you love can be a good idea.	labels:That is true. Although I may have to find a new hobby that isn't social.
text:Sadness can lead us to frustration. To avoid that we have to  stay motivated and keep doing something which takes those negative thoughts away.	labels:Do you have any suggestions?
text:you can play online games with your friends.	labels:That sounds fun.
text:giving task or challenges to each other,  making funny videos, having competition for cleaning room are few example which can be tried..	labels:Which one do you do personally?
text:giving task is my favorite :)	labels:What is a good example?
text:Telling friend to drink 4 glass of water at once, making bed in 30 seconds, finding particular content on laptop in specific time(30 sec or45 sec)	labels:Those seem pretty interesting. Thanks for the advice.
text:No problem! Is there anything  else that I can help you with.	labels:No, I think you did a great job giving advice.
text:Thanks! Have a wonderful time !	labels:You too! Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?	labels:Hey , it's good to see you , thanks for the meeting.
text:Happy to be here. Is there anything on your mind?	labels:Well I've been better, I'm not doing that great. It' just all this stuff with him. I am still thinking about it all the time.
text:This is a hard time of year for many people.. It sounds like you are thinking about a specific person a lot of the time.	labels:Ugh. That's the worst.
text:Is there anything you can think of that would help you to feel better?	labels:Yeah. I hate the way it ended. I really cared about him and feel like the part is still there.
text:It sounds like things ended in an unresolved way. That can make it feel like there is no real conclusion.	labels:Hey! are you there?.
text:yes, there is a lag in the system. it takes a while for the response to upload.	labels:Ok fine , it's so hard to get over someone after a breakup like this.
text:Yes, I agree. Sometimes it just takes time to process all the emotions.	labels:I mean logically , I know it's not. If we were gonna break up, then we were gonna break up.
text:Yes, that's a good point. It sounds like you are thinking this through in a good way, but the emotions are hard to process. Letting yourself feel the emotions is an important part of getting through a difficult situation.	labels:But I want to keep his photos. And how would I even distract myself that much that I'd stop thinking about him completely.
text:It is understandable to want to keep photos. Distracting yourself might not be the solution; that could stop you from processing the emotions. There is a stage of grieving for a lost relationship that happens when a relationship ends. There will be grieving for the person, and for the relationship with that person. That is what has to be processed in order to move on.	labels:Ok, I mean , I can try, But it's just, I don't want to leave him behind. I miss him.
text:That makes sense; you care about him so you miss him. This is one of those things that will take time. Accepting and acknowledging the emotions, even when they are painful, will let the emotions evolve and over time they will become less painful..	labels:But he's gone. I know it hurts so badly.	episode_done:True
text:Hi!\nGood Afternoon.  How are you doing today?	labels:I am having a sad day today. My mothers new husband passed 3 weeks ago because of Corona, Now, yesterday my best friend passed of old age. This is the worst time for all of this. I am reeling with grief!
text:That sounds terrible.  I can understand why you're sad today.  That's a lot to take in around the holidays.	labels:I am afraid to get another puppy. Yes you are right it is TOO much! I do not know how to deal. It seems everyone I talk to is going through a horrendous time with this virus and all the horrible predicaments it is putting people in. I am trying not to be selfish with my feelings knowing everyone else is having a bad time too...but DAMN! It almost is too much to take.... Should I get another puppy riht away? I feel very lonely without him.
text:Getting a new puppy might be a way to make you feel happy during this dark time in your life.	labels:I work at home now and I have a husband who does the same. Also my two kids got o school online. They are sad as well, but everyone knows he was my bestie,
text:It might be just what you need to have something to wake up and look forward to each day.  Especially during times like now when everyone is spending so much time alone inside.	labels:It is a spot not filled by humans. Yes. I suppose. Maybe even two would be better.
text:I completely agree.  Having a dog as a companion has been a life saver to me in so many situations.	labels:I would want him to have a friend this time. What kind of dog do you have?
text:Having a playmate for the dog will make it easier to justify leaving when you do need to go back to work in the office.  The puppy won't be lonely. I have a yellow lab!  He's great!	labels:I hope to get a dog who enjoys working out with me like he did. Oh and I am not going back into an office! Not for awhile...probably not forever. I do have the option of staying home and working indefinetly so I am grateful for that.
text:I'd suggest a dog with a lot of energy if you like to workout!  What kind of dog did you have previously?	labels:I like being here watching over my kids and pets. I think I will stay working at home.
text:Just from talking to you, it sounds like working from home is a great fit for you!	labels:Pomeranian....he really didn't work out with me:), just running, jumping , and keeping up with my energy....doing what doggies do. His energy was happiness to me.
text:Pomeranians are such cute dogs!  They always look like they're smiling!  And they're small enough that having two won't be crowded!	labels:I appreciate your feedback. I think that having two pomeranians this time is a good idea....and you are right they are always smiling! You have boosted my mood and made me feel hopeful. I thank you!
text:I'm glad that I could help you!  I hope your new puppies bring you much happiness!  I think they will boost your spirits a lot!	labels:I am also going to stay at home while working for peace of mind. I hope you have a great new year. Stay safe! Goodbye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, my name is Brandon and I will be serving you today. How are you doing?	labels:Not too well, I am feeling very sad this holiday season.
text:I am sorry to hear that you are feeling sad this holiday season. Why are you feeling sad?	labels:My girlfriend left me for my best friend, now I have no one in my life.
text:I see, this sounds really difficult. How long were you dating your girlfriend? Do you have any friends, family or a support system by chance?	labels:We were together for 7 years.  I have no family.  My friend and girlfriend were my only family, we were like the Gatsbys.
text:That is a very long time, I had a girlfriend and I was very vested in her and her family. She broke up with me around Christmas time as well. It has been awhile, but I remember getting her gift and it was over sometime afterwards. Do you have any co-workers or involvement with any local groups/organizations/church?	labels:My co-workers don't know about my personal life, I don't go to church.  Maybe I should go see a therapist?
text:I think a therapist would be a great way to process this situation since our time is limited. From what you shared, it sounds like you have some past hurts that you may want to share with someone you trust. Do you have insurance or are you uninsured? There are great therapist for the insured and uninsured. :).	labels:I do not have insurance, I am between jobs and have nothing currently.  The holidays are an especially lonely time.
text:I see, that is very difficult. This season bring many feeling like this myself. If you had a magic wand and could change anything about your situation, what would you change assuming that we cannot fix this situation per se.	labels:I would treat my girlfriend better I think.  She was pushing for a threesome with my best friend, but I told her no way.  That is why she left me.
text:From what I am hearing, it sounds like you have a boundary and your girlfriend did not respect that. I think you deserve someone that respects you and your boundaries. If you do not feel comfortable, then you do not feel comfortable and should not be shamed for it.	labels:I agree.  She made me watch them have sex once, it was sick. Can a therapist help me with that? Are you still there sir?
text:Sorry i was having wifi issues.	labels:So what should i do? I think I need to have the threesome with them.  She would like to get spitroasted, then I can get her back.
text:If it were me, i would seekout a couselor..	labels:Yes, I think I need some help.  Maybe I have Stockholm Syndrome.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you today.	labels:I'm really depressed.  My fiance left me yesterday.
text:Sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about it?	labels:Yes, I think that might make me feel better.  I really have no one to talk to because my family and friends didn't like him so they think this is for the best.
text:Ok. I am happy to listen.	labels:I just don't understand why someone would pretend to be happy for a year and then decide they were lying and leave.
text:Seems like you feel your partner betrayed you, does that sound right?	labels:Yes, I feel very betrayed.
text:That is understandable. I know how you feel,  may I suggest taking a few minutes to clear your head, and making a plan to talk with your friends and parents about how you feel?	labels:They think I should just get over it because they didn't like him so they think I shouldn't like him either. They're making things worse for me.
text:Oh I'm so sorry, sometimes family and friends don't think about your feelings.  When did this happen?	labels:He left yesterday.  I had no warning.  He just packed up all his stuff and said he didn't want to marry me and the last year has been a lie.
text:Dang. he seems very selfish. But I understand how up setting it must have felt. My first husband left me without warning..	labels:I'm sorry to hear that.  How long did it take you to feel better?
text:Awhile. it started to feel a little bit better after I kept telling myself it was about him and not about me, then I started feeling a bit better. But it will take time, the old say is correct, good days and bad days.	labels:What did you do to help feel better>
text:Started back in to my routine. Work. Church. things like that.	labels:I think it's harder that it's during the holidays because I don't go back to work until after the new year. I thought we would be spending the next week together at home.
text:My I suggestion you pick your closest friend, and talk to her/him about your feeling, but not about your boyfriend, about how you feel your friends have been treating you. Be nice but firm. I bet once they hear your pain, they will be very supportive..	labels:Hopefully.  I could really use to sit down with a friend right now and spend some quality time.  I don't want to be alone all week.
text:I understand that! it is very reasonable to want to be around family and friends during the holidays..	labels:Thanks for chatting with me.  I feel a little more relaxed now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi!\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:Not so good. I have conspiracy theorist as a friend who is now mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while talking to me. We have been friends for 13 years. I am hurt and confused that she still thinks this is a game. She thought Corona was fake until someone we know caught it. It is like she is mad she was wrong and is taking it out and lashing out at those who have been trying to persuade her the whole time... what do you think?
text:It sounds like you care a lot about your friend and others. How old is your friend? It sounds like you care a lot about your friend and others. How old is your friend?	labels:She is 44! Too old for all this nonsense. She has a short temper.......I think I am going to have to separate myself from her for the duration of the virus and the cure. I cannot talk to her again unless she agrees to get vaccinated. She is all to careless.
text:I see, it does sound like she is being negligent with her behavior and not respecting of you and your concern on this virus. When you say your friend does not believe in the virus, what is her stance on it?	labels:She thought it was faked for political reasons at first. Then when she found out it was real when it struck close to home, she is saying it is apart of population control. Honestly she is all over the place. I find her very dangerous to others right now. I don't think our friendship will survive this because I am willing to part ways for all of our safety. I hate that but will do it.\
text:I can relate with your friend, at the beginning I had similar thoughts. As my friends started working on those units and my members being hospitalized for it, I surrendered my political stance and dawned my mask. I have a friend who is just like your friend, they have politicized it and had first degree exposure and blew up when we had her sit out of our teen support group/youth group and church services for two weeks. She is in her 50's. I can relate with your friend, at the beginning I had similar thoughts. As my friends started working on those units and my members being hospitalized for it, I surrendered my political stance and dawned my mask. I have a friend who is just like your friend, they have politicized it and had first degree exposure and blew up when we had her sit out of our teen support group/youth group and church services for two weeks. She is in her 50's. I think these situations cause us to take care of our selves first, like you are doing by wearing your mask and still loving your friend (maybe from afar). Your idea of separation is wise, unless you want to protect your relationship with her and let her be. I think these situations cause us to take care of our selves first, like you are doing by wearing your mask and still loving your friend (maybe from afar). Your idea of separation is wise, unless you want to protect your relationship with her and let her be.	labels:Wow...that is deep and I believe you are right when you say these situations cause us to take care of ourselves first. I think that it just what I am going to do. After all this is over I will attempt to mend our relationship but for now I have to protect those I love. Thanks for the great advice. You were very helpful. I hope you have a great Christmas and new year. Stay safe!
text:It is my pleasure, I appreciate you being vulnerable and sharing where you are at in this moment. It is not always easy, continue to find people who are willing to listen and be the change that we need. Have a wonderful Christmas and a safe New Year!	labels:Hello. oops.	episode_done:True
text:I need understanding at this time. Please respond and help me see what I did wrong.\nHi, sorry I just saw this. How are you and how may I assist you?	labels:Thanks for answering me. I need support for my depression.
text:I am so sorry to hear it. I am happy assist.	labels:What can you tellme to help me adjust.
text:Although I am not a specialist, I might be able to cheer you up a little.	labels:That would be wnderful. Thank you. Are you there?
text:What is your most concern at this point? I understand you are  having a depression, that must be a great suffering..	labels:It is. I want t feel like a good person again.
text:You can become whoever you want to be.	labels:I am not sure of that. I feel like a failure.
text:Are you getting enough sleep lately?	labels:Yes. Maybe too much.
text:There is no failure. People were born in certain way. Each person was programmed differently. It is your uniqueness , not failure. maybe your body needs to rejuvenate. maybe your body needs to rejuvenate.	labels:That makes sense. If I could look at it that way I might make it through this. useless person. I want to feel hopeful again.I feel like a. Wrong typing there.
text:Somebody told me that confidence is the most important. I hope you will feel a great confidence in you and feel great soon.	labels:Thank you for caring about me. I needed that very much.
text:Great, I am so glad I was able to chat with you today. Is there anything I can do for you today?	labels:So am I. Have a great day. Help is so great between people.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you today?	labels:Could be better, the info i put for my scenario, just happened this morning.
text:Something unexpected happened today?	labels:No actually, in fact today seemed to be starting better than any day this week. I support whatever she wants but right after Christmas is hard.
text:Holidays can add pressure to our "normal" situations. Did you find that your normal coping mechanisms were not as helpful today?	labels:Yeah, December has been hard on everyone. I know things will get better but its hard finding positivity when I feel so negative.
text:Sounds like your support is not appreciated.	labels:Usually coping is either eating a ton of food or smoking marijuana, but with the holiday money is tight. I am listening to emo pop music from the 2000's now to help.
text:Music definitely helps! I have a list of songs that I like to sing to. I can't really sing, like, at all. But I love to do it. And it makes me forget about whatever is going on.	labels:Honestly, in the past I have been a lot lower than I am now. I really just hope I am able to stay strong for as long as i can right now. Honestly i do the same thing a lot. Songs with a lot of emotion that i can belt out.
text:You are certainly self-aware. Better off than most people!	labels:i will have to find somewhere i can properly exercise my awful vocals lol.
text:Ah! I like pop songs from the 60's :-). Ha! The car is always good!	labels:honestly its because i have been hospitalized due to my mental state. i try to be as self aware as possible now. i just hate the feeling of being blindsided.
text:Have you tried The Smiths? Band from the 80's. They are my go to for when I am feeling low.	labels:i will give the throwbacks a try today. I do get down with a few of the older bands thats for sure.
text:To be blindsided is a violation of trust.. Have you spoken to her about it at all, or is that not your jam? It's ok. A lot of people are non-confrontational. Society tells us we should be able to express our boundaries. Not everyone is comfortable with that and that is ok.	labels:we literally just talked about it an hour ago. she says she doesnt know what she wants and she doesnt know how long but she doesnt want to be away from me right now. which i feel just isnt fair. i feel like no one can just pick and choose when they want someone around.
text:But that puts more responsibility on you for your feelings. Sounds like you have coping skills for that.	labels:i know. with COVID this is so much harder. i may just take a long walk and try to focus on myself, because it seems like our future is in flux and it seems like it could go either way.
text:You're right. That is not fair. You are feeling conflict and abandoned/not-abandoned. Could you make the decision?	labels:i feel like what i may do, is just sleep on the couch for now and give her as much space as possible, at least for now i think.
text:Only you are responsible for you. I was with someone who, although we had great fun together, he couldn't be with me as much as I wanted him to. And it made me feel bad. Because it brought up feelings from when I was growing up and neglected. It took a long time, and it ...wasn't a clean break. I just got tired of feeling bad, and the relationship just waned.. Take the time you need, but you can take control, if you want to.	labels:Right, it just feels crappy right now. literally yesterday her mom was telling me how happy she is that i take such good care of her daughter. I will have to just prioritize myself and hope it all works out. after 5 years its just hard.
text:You said it, prioritize yourself. The rest will fall into place. It always does..	labels:thank you. i really appreciate it. i will do the best i can i promise.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, What's on your mind today?	labels:HII.
text:How are you?	labels:fine. i had a lot of reasons to give up on you. but i still chose to stay. hello. how are you?
text:I am glad you stayed.. What are some of the reasons you wanted to give up on me?	labels:hmm. she don't miss him, you miss the person he used to be.
text:Missing people can feel devastating, Is that what I am hearing you say?	labels:what about you? ofcourse. never go back to an old love, it's like  reading a book over and over again when you already know how it ends.
text:You sound like you have a lot of wisdom. How are you trying to move on?	labels:yup. pain is the only thing that's telling me i"am still alive. It is better to be alone. Than being with someone who makes you feel alone.
text:Do you have a support group, Family, friends?	labels:Faith isn't about everything turnig out okay. little level, because faith is aobut being okay no matter how things turn out.
text:I have recently separated from my spouse. I know it is a tough journey to walk..	labels:ohh that was great idea. you choice a better way.
text:You are so correct about the outcome of Faith.	labels:but why you separated from your spouse.
text:Moving on from a toxic relationship is important..	labels:why..?? great.
text:My spouse is Narcissistic and I woke up to the understanding of the abuse.	labels:how to feel after breakup?? ohh okay.
text:Most of the time, I feel confident about the breakup but there are times I become insecure. It is during those times, I look to resources to help remind me that I made the correct choice.	labels:your correct.trusting you again is my decision, proving me wrong is your choice.
text:I have been developing a support group to help me through. Have you been working on a support group of your own.?	labels:this way of life was never chosen by me, it was my bad luck that it choose me. yes ofcourse.
text:That's wonderful!	labels:trust and let gowhoever is meant to be there, will still be there. thank you. are you working on a support group of your own?
text:you are welcome, Is anything else on your mind that you'd like to talk about today? I have been online with others who are healing from Narcissistic abuse.	labels:here there are many people to ready to shopping in online. it is most helpful to others.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing tonight?	labels:not so happy.
text:In what way are you not happy? Can you elaborate?	labels:i am not happy because of my current breakup with mypartner.
text:Problems often arise in relationships over misunderstanding each others point of view..	labels:yeah i accept it there will be misunderstanding we want to get adjust. but it must be both side adjusted  ,if not it will result in breakup only.
text:I completely agree with you. One sided relationships do not work..	labels:yes it wont work at all.
text:What else besides unhappy do you feel about this breakup? Often there are a mix of emotions and looking at all of them is important to see the whole picture. People often report feeling relieved, regretful or other emotions with the feeling of unhappy..	labels:there is only thing for my depression is my break up i want to over come but i couldnot .
text:What are some things that you enjoyed doing before this relationship?.	labels:i was going out for night pub ,enjoying with  friends.
text:Reaching out to old friends is a great idea to be able to regain some joy in life.	labels:but i cannot face them in this sutiation.
text:Many books have suggested that we are allowed to disclose what we want in relationships with friends. So if it is not something you wish to talk about with your friends tell them that and they should be willing to accept it. However I do understand if you do not want to reconnect with friends.	labels:they will accept me but i am not willing to share my negative mood with them.
text:I understand. What have you tried to overcome your depression?	labels:i  am trying to overcome but i couldnot.
text:I think what I meant are there things that you have done, that while you are doing them, you are not actively feeling depressed? Many people say that going for walks, taking a cooking class, starting a new hobby are ways they have stopped thinking about their depression and found some relief from it.	labels:yes this seems a good idea. i will try  doing this things.
text:In the past when I have dealt with depression following a breakup I have taken up a new hobby. I found I liked crochet. I made a blanket that I still have today..	labels:i will try a new hobby are some other things.
text:That is good to hear. Is there anything else you would like to talk about?	labels:nothing else is there.
text:It was nice talking to you.	labels:i think this enough for me to overcome my depression. thank you for the suggestion.
text:It is a good place to start..	labels:thank you so much. it is good talking to you. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello I am in need of assistance.
text:I am Tom.  How can I help you?. How are you in need of assistance?	labels:Hello Tom, this is Dillon. I haven't been doing well in my academics.
text:I have a real talent to provide guidance to people out there in the World. Not doing well in college or high school? Are you in a trade school? Or in academia?	labels:In college.  I started off really well until the pandemic hit.. Now my family is struggling financially and it has greatly affected my academics..
text:Well, I went through a similar situation when a pink-eye  breakout hurt my school.... I struggled financially, but took any job I could.....	labels:What kind of jobs did you take?
text:Work part-time and go to school part-time.	labels:I'm trying to find a steady job. jobs that can help support both my family and my tuition.
text:I suggest creating flyers and ask to be a dog walker. Americans love their dogs.  70 Percent of Americans have dogs.	labels:oh okay that's interesting. there's a part time job at a local library should I take it?
text:I feel that you can be great and be a good entrepreneur.....dog walking doesn't take a lot of talent.	labels:thank you for that.
text:How close in the library?	labels:the library is within the campus.
text:Ok, that is good. I once worked at a library.	labels:you did? how was the experience?
text:I worked in a library many years.....	labels:but overall was your experience working in the library pleasant?
text:It was quite pleasant. And the pay was decent.  Plus, I got to read and research a lot.  I ended up meeting my wife at the library as well.  I felt good taking the job. :)	labels:wow! that is quite the experience Tom.  I might just take the job then since it went well for you. anything to help support my family and my academics during these trying times.
text:I suggest keeping  an eye out for smart and sexy w=ladies who like going there.	labels:haha I'll maybe focus on the job at hand first Tom.
text:You can support your family by working at the library and reading up on higher paying jobs while there.	labels:that's good advice. thank you for listening to my situation and giving me advice Tom.
text:I feel that the local libraries are great options for working and learning. I met my future wife while working at the library many moons ago. Do you have any other questions or concerns?	labels:no more for me! thank you again Tom!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I am looking for another job preferably in my locality and not getting yet, since last 2 months. I will find it difficult to sustain if this continues like this for other 3 months.
text:So it sounds like you've been struggling with finding a new job. It's never easy looking for a new job during these times. Why do you think you're having trouble?	labels:Getting a job is not that difficult. But I try to find a job in my locality to avoid distant from family and having food issues.
text:It sounds like you're motivated and dealing with a lot. Is there a specific job that you had in mind or are you applying to different kinds of jobs?	labels:Any kind of job, probably managerial. But to be in my locality since to look after my aged mom also.
text:It sounds like you really care to want to be close to home. Have you talked with someone locally about jobs that would allow you to stay close to home?	labels:I have been talking to some people who my friends knows also. They show interest but cannot help me on the issue. Surely they will refer to some people. But it will take some time.
text:Stay motivated. If one opportunity doesn't get your desired response you may be even closer to finding the right job for you. Keep pushing on and know that if one opportunity doesn't work out a positive attitude will make all the difference. Just because you haven't found one yet doesn't mean you won't..	labels:Thanks for making confidence. I feel relaxed. I believe this will surely be a chance to find myself and get a better opportunity to be relieved from my previous difficulties. Only GOD should have forced me this way, I believe.
text:Your faith is healthy and gives you purpose. Similarly you have to believe that the dots will connect in your favor. Maybe you can't connect them looking forward, but looking backwards you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.	labels:I felt anger over my previous employer since he was not giving any time for me to switch over, at least 2 months. Even then he was satisfied till then.
text:It can be frustrating to focus on your last job, especially if you haven't found a new one yet. Perhaps once you find a new job your disappointment with the last one won't be so disappointing anymore. If the new job is better you wouldn't have found it working the last job..	labels:Anyhow my loyalty was not encouraged to perform more. I have to move from some back again. Any I am preparing myself better, using the break time to gain my knowledge further and sharpen my skills, reading and viewing many articles in the net and youtube. I helps me a lot.
text:It's great that you're staying productive and improving yourself. If your desire to improve yourself is as strong as your desire to find a new job I'm confident you will.	labels:It helps me to forget the past and concentrate on the future.
text:Don't let your past define you, let your present choices pave a new path into the future.	labels:I am going forward only. I think I am very close to the treasure, not knowing how many hits to dig. I require your greetings for a better prospectus. ..
text:I'm confident you will. What do you mean?	labels:Thanks for your motivation. . . .. BYE BYE.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nI am here. How are you? I feel that I can really help you on this Christmas Night.	labels:Not too well.  I am feeling pretty down right now.
text:How long have you not been feeling not so well?	labels:Today was my one-year anniversary with my boyfriend. He broke up with me today. We were at school (our college campus), and we had a huge fight.
text:Well, I can tell you that it is hard, but it could be a god send in the long run.	labels:Maybe I can think that way in time, but right now I don't know what to do with myself.
text:Well, I have been in rough relationships, but there is no need to add additional trauma to the situation.	labels:I probably should have seen it coming, we have been fighting a lot lately. That's true, but that doesn't make me feel any better about it right now..
text:It's really hard during the Christmas Holidays, but there are ways to decompress.	labels:Yes, everything can feel worse this time of year because of the stress of the holidays.
text:Have you considered doing meditation to release negative thoughts?	labels:I have actually read about that, but I have a hard time focusing when I meditate. I suppose I just need to practice more.
text:There are online resources to help you get in a better frame of mind.	labels:Like the Calm app?
text:There are incense burning kits that can help to relieve stress and trauma. Yes, the Calm app is one.	labels:I like incense, but it makes my allergies act up unfortunately. What else can I do besides meditation?
text:You said that you are allergic to incenses of all kinds?	labels:Most types of incense are too strongly scented and make me sneeze or feel sick. Candles are much better for me.
text:There  are websites like Decompress dot org that can help with relationships that are in turmoil.	labels:I haven't heard of that website before.  I'll have to check it out.
text:I used to visit sites that help people who need to find ways to decompress after issues and fights have occurred in relationships.	labels:Well, I haven't been in a long-term relationship like this before. My past relationships were all in high school, and they only lasted a few weeks or months at a time. I really cared for this one, and we were together for so long.
text:I feel obligated to help during Christmas because I had a nasty fight with my partner one year over gifts.	labels:You had a fight with your partner?  I'm sorry, it's the worst when people fight over what's supposed to be something nice.
text:What was the fight over? Food? Money? Sex?.	labels:I forget what started it, it was something stupid.  He didn't like the way I said something and it kind of blew up from there. We were fighting over the smallest things these last few months. It just kind of built up to the point where he said he couldn't take fighting with me anymore and just wanted to end it.
text:I would let things decompress for a long while.	labels:End the relationship, I mean. You think maybe if we just take some time apart, he might want to talk about it?
text:I suggest thinking through ending the relationship if he has a hot temper. .	labels:He does get upset very easily.
text:Yes, just think it through for some time. .	labels:I do think it is important to take some time and breathe.
text:Was the relationship with him pleasant for many months?	labels:Yes, for most of our time together it was wonderful. He made me laugh very easily. That's part of why I'm so sad that he ended the relationship.
text:You said it has only gotten rough in the last two months?	labels:Two or three, yes. And we would fight over the smallest things, it was really stupid.
text:You said that he has announced to you he has ended the relationship on Christmas? Today, you mean?	labels:Yes, and it was our one year anniversary. We were supposed to order takeout and watch a movie and exchange presents. Instead we fought and broke up.
text:In my opinion, I would consider accepting that it is not going to be a healthy relationship whatsoever.	labels:I think you are right. Unless we went to some sort of counseling. But it probably is for the best.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hi! How are you doing?	labels:Well frankly I'm not sure... I think I'm doing okay.
text:That's is good to know you are doing ok. Did you do anything for the holidays?	labels:no I couldn't do anything cuase my state is shut down..
text:Yeah, it is pretty frustrating with the shutdowns. I was pretty nervous for today and how I would be able to see family. Are you close to your family?	labels:no unfortunately my family is a 5 hr plane ride away!  I got to see them over video chat yesterday..
text:Wow, that is far! Thankfully you were able to video chat them. Do you plan on video chatting with them today? Wow, that is far! Thankfully you were able to video chat them. Do you plan on video chatting with them today?	labels:no unfortunately my family isn't very tech savy... I did get to talk to them over the phone that was nice..
text:That is good! It seems like calling on the phone can feel more genuine. Do you like playing Among Us? It might be fun to teach them how to play a game that allows you to play from far away. That is good! It seems like calling on the phone can feel more genuine. Do you like playing Among Us? It might be fun to teach them how to play a game that allows you to play from far away.	labels:no, acutally I've never heard of Among us. I think I might try it thank you for the advice. Do you think this concludes the asignment for tonight?
text:I believe we have to each do 10 chat bubbles.	labels:ooooo okay.
text:Is there anything else you want to talk about?	labels:Yes, please. It has been difficult to find the energy to do almost anything lately. Do you have any tips?
text:I like to set mini goals for myself to make long term goals attainable. For example, I am in college and if I have to write a 8 page paper, I push myself to write at least 1 page every day until I finish. Then I have enough time to edit and make the deadline. Another suggestion is to remind yourself why you need to wake up and get things going! For me, I know I want to help others in the future but without the degree I am going for, I would not be able to help.	labels:That sounds very simple and useful. I'm not sure its practical for me since I live on my own and have to worry about paying my bills, I have very little assistance.. All of the things I used to enjoy doing I can no longer do becuase they all invloved live audiences..
text:Yeah, bills are such a big responsibility. Hopefully this task will help some. Were you a part of theater productions?	labels:I was a Samba/Salsa Dancer and had started Stand-up Comedy Nov 2019. all I ever wanted to do was to perform and making a living. seems like there is no point in working if I can't dance or tell jokes. I think we've hit the 15 min mark and 10 turns each.
text:Those are such amazing paths. I believe the stand up comedy could be done through podcasting. I hope you have a good night.	labels:Same to you! I'm trying! I do alot of ZOOM Shows they suck big ones ! thank you have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi, how can I help you?	labels:i am breaked up with my partner.
text:How long have you been together?	labels:atmost 2 years.
text:That has to be hard after 2 years. Does your partner know yet?	labels:he only angry with me but i am still loving him.
text:If you still love him, what is the reason for the break up?	labels:he is going to abroad , so he is leaving me.
text:So then he is leaving the country. Why don't you want to go along?	labels:my  working platform does not allow me to outside the contry.
text:Oh I see. That is a hard situation to be in. I would feel sad and angry. Is that what you are feeling?	labels:yes , absolutly correct.
text:You have every right to feel that way. You have invested two years with him. Have you had a talk with him to tell him how you feel about it?	labels:i already talk to him , but he say that him future is more important more than me.
text:That had to hurt. So then there is no convincing him to stay. Is that right?	labels:no ,i need to time forget.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you feeling today?	labels:i am feel worsen.
text:That's never good. I know how it can be to feel down. What's got you feeling that way?	labels:i can't done by project , my team lead will definetly scold me.
text:It seems like you're worried about your abilities as well as your team leader potentially being disappointed with your performance. Am I understanding that correctly?	labels:yes , you prediction was so good.
text:That's lovely to hear. Have you tried discussing your doubts with your supervisor? There are times where I've felt overwhelmed, but maybe they could provide some additional guidance or someone to help assist you with the project.	labels:yaa, but this is holiday the supervisor does not take my calls.
text:Is there an impending deadline for the project you're worried about meeting? Maybe you could contact them through email or another form of outreach.	labels:yes, after the holiday i most submitmy project.
text:I can understand how stressful that must be, with the business of the holiday season on top of a looming deadline. Is there anyone else you can potentially contact to discuss changing the deadline?.	labels:maybe my team mate will help me , i can communicate them to overcome this.
text:That sounds like a wonderful idea! That's what a teammate is there for after all.	labels:yaa , you are right.
text:I'm sure they'd love to help. Is there anything else on your mind today?	labels:nothing.
text:Is there anything else you'd like to discuss today?	labels:nothing all are done.
text:Awesome! Have a wonderful holiday season :)	labels:same toyou.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing?	labels:Hello. I suppose I could be doing better.
text:Anything in particular you're having a hard time with?	labels:Yep. Thanks for asking. It feels to me like my GF and I may be breaking up.
text:I'm sorry, I've been in that position before. Do you feel it's for the best?	labels:No. I am very sad about it. She recently informed me shes going to go a graduate school far away after I made the decision to come to school near where she lives.
text:That's really hard, especially when there's chance it could have worked out if it wasn't for the distance. Do you regret choosing to go to the school near where she lives?	labels:Yes. I feel like I put my life on hold for someone else only to have them throw me to the curve.
text:Definitely feeling like you're living for someone else and having them not do the same is hurtful. Although it seems like you're the one in the relationship who is willing to make more sacrifices.	labels:At this point, yes. I just wish we would of talked about this a year ago when I uprooted my life the first time. I fear that this will continue to happen.
text:Oh ok then it's not the first time this has happened.. I think you might be right, if you notice a pattern then it might continue to happen.	labels:So you think this will continue to happen?
text:Most likely, she seems to need space to live for herself and is less willing to make sacrifices for you like you do for her. But even it won't happen again, you shouldn't have to live worrying that it will. Have you spoken to her about how you feel?	labels:I dont even know how to start the conversation. I feel betrayed and that I have wasted the last 3 years.
text:Wow I can only imagine. But I think it wasn't a waste if there were good times and you had room to grow. In relationships you have to prioritize your own happiness and I'm sure if you mentioned that you're frustrated and hurt maybe you can understand how she feels and why she made the decisions she made.	labels:Its frustrating. I am sorry to complain. It seems silly with everything going on in the world.
text:Absolutely not! Individual frustrations are the best things to focus on before everything that happens in the world..	labels:What should I do? I feel like I just need to give up. I feel even worse because it is Christmas.
text:I think it's important that you talk to her and get the answers you need. She might not even have been aware you feel this way and assumed you were happy to move for her.. Although again, I'm really sorry you have to go through this during the holidays, definitely sucks but doesn't mean you can't at least get some answers and move on with your life.	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How can I encourage you today? Hello! How can I encourage you today? Sorry that posted twice! :o.	labels:Hey so my best friend finally stopped showing up. We're growing apart...
text:You are growing apart from your best friend? Is this a good thing or not a good thing? Or you aren't sure?	labels:It's an expected thing but it's sad. We have hurt each other many times and he is a daily drug user and is very much a fair weather friend.
text:Ouch! That is a sad thing. As I was sitting here thinking about friends I have moved on from, sadly, most of the time it was for the best, even though it hurt at the time.	labels:My friend stopped showing up when he said he would and I slowly stopped answering his calls and texts.
text:Life is a journey, and as we walk toward goals in our life, people either join us or bring us down.  Sometimes they only walk on the path we are on for a short time, sometimes longer. I have very few friends from High School, 2 to be exact. And only on FB, that was back in 1979 too. lol I'm old, but I have had to move on from destructive relationships, as you are doing now. It can be hard.	labels:This is so strange and wonderful connecting with a stranger about this! Wow. That's true. I kept trying to get my friends clean and to work on a hobby with me but drugs destroyed my two best friends and killed one of them.
text:Ouch! That sounds hard. I had friends like that too. I had to walk away. Has your friend asked you why you are ignoring him? The reason I ask this is because it's good to get some closure and let them know their behavior is destructive and you need space from that.	labels:No, he seemed to respond with pride. He deleted his facebook and never talked to me again after that.
text:I have learned in life that unhealthy people run from problems, healthy people stick in the mud with you and try to work out issues.. Have you other friends?	labels:True. It's hard to connect with people after high school. The mindset of high school is make friends and the mindset of adulthood is survival. No, not now. I am married though.
text:Yes, and as you grow and mature, your life goals change, not everyone will travel with you. Right now you are starting out, I'm in the retired stage, lol Now I'm interested in helping younger people. It's amazing how our priorities change..	labels:Yeah some people just don't want to do anything in their lives...
text:I've basically figured out life only makes sense with God, and I don't worry about a thing now, very little upsets or angers me, it truly isn't worth it.  A LOT of people have no goals. I think this is actually a good time to examine the year, what you did right, what you didn't do so right, and where you want to go next year.  I think self reflection is good for us..	labels:This year has been a great test for us all and a call to faith.
text:A young neighbor just stopped by today, and he just moved out of his home, he is consumed with HOW do I pay the electric, HOW do I budget? How do I cook?  lol Like it is so interesting to see the journey in life. And my faith in Jesus Christ is really the most important thing.. Do pray for your friend, and I will say a prayer too. Maybe he will come around some day?	labels:Maybe I've tried to reach him but then I just wanted to be his friend. But I can't even do that.
text:I had two brothers die from alcohol and drugs. I had to learn not to enable them. Sadly, people choose their own life. There is opportunity to get sober, my husband is a recovered alcoholic.  When hanging with them and they do not want to change, sometimes the best thing to do is to walk away and let them hit bottom.  I have 2 brothers that DID find recover and a sister too. So my whole life was filled with people drinking and drugging. And I didn't want that life..	labels:Neither do I. I feel so much better. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I feel obligated to help you this Christmas Night.	labels:Hello Hello.
text:Who am I currently speaking with? I am Bob, your Christmas Night therapist and helper. I hope I can assist you this Christmas Night. It takes courage to tell how you are feeling.	labels:Hello Bob, nice to meet you. I would like to talk but not sure if  I can I will try.
text:How can I help you?	labels:I am a caregiver and i can only come back and forth.
text:Please do your best. That is all I can expect. Can you elaborate? What do you mean by that? You're doing great by contributing to your own cause on Christmas Night. Do you like Christmas cookies?	labels:My main job started so i am in this room an at the same time i wan to do mTurk and take care of them]
text:Bob has some jelly cookies for you. I feel good asking you about how I can give you true insights on life. You made the right decision to join and discuss your feelings.  Do you like the Christmas Holidays? I can suggest Uber or Lyft or Door Dash or Grub Hub for you. I feel that you can earn and not be so sad and depressed this holiday. I am baking cookies for others, so don't feel sad.  Maybe I can cheer you up with chocolate chip cookies. I am here to help you in soooo many ways.	labels:that is wonderful. I love chocolate chip cookie. thanks for your encouragemnt. I think that already helped,e.
text:Yes, it is. I love chocoalate chip. Do you have the chance to make Christmas Cookies? Perhaps you could bake some using Bob's Xmas Cookie Recipe and share the joy that Christmas brings to the World. Would you be interested?	labels:not today but sometime this week.. oh nice1. yes please.
text:Cooking cookies for others is a great way to cheer up.  You could also create a small business by making your own type of cookies.	labels:I made oatmeal cookie last week. I love baking. wonderful, i would pay $ to buy Bob's cookie.
text:You said you love baking? Well, other people who see you love to cook will get Joy from you. :)	labels:nice, thank you.
text:I feel good to share my insights.	labels:yes I love it. I put 2 cups of sugar all the time. 2 sticks ofbutter.
text:Did you need any other insights from me to be glad? I feel that being a professional baker my be the right career for you!	labels:I am full, and I am good. thanks it was great to talk to you Bob, Xmas couselor.
text:Do you need help with anything else?	labels:I will think about it. im good, have a good evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what would you like to talk about?	labels:How empty my life is.
text:Why do you feel like your life is empty?	labels:The love of my life is no longer in my life.
text:I'm really sorry to hear that..	labels:Yes, she left me for her supervisor at work.
text:Was this a recent event?	labels:Yes, five days ago.
text:Wow, that's really a hard thing to deal with isn't it?	labels:It sure is.  She told me this guy was sexually harassing her at work, then I find out she is leaving me for this guy.
text:Hmm, it sounds like she isn't being completely honest with you. I've been left before too. It was one of the most painful experiences of my life.	labels:I think she liked all of the attention he was giving her, and then she got turned on by it.  It is sick. I can't believe anyone would ever leave you, you seem like such a nice person.
text:Maybe she did like the attention, but that is her own issue. It really doesn't have anything to do with you. Sometimes low self worth makes a person seek that kind of exterior validation from someone else..	labels:I should have followed and stalked her like this guy did, it seems to turn her on, she said she likes being watched.  I told her to see a therapist and she told me to leave our apartmnent.
text:That doesn't sound healthy to you, does it?	labels:Yes, I think she has low self esteem, but she let me do things with her, we would experiment sexually together, it was wild. But now I think she is not healthy and has mental issues.
text:so, do you think that was the only way she could connect with you, through sex?	labels:I think so, she also liked to peg me.  It was very intense, I have never submitted like that to anyone.
text:Is this your first serious relationship?	labels:Yes, I guess I don't have good luck with women.  Maybe I need to go back to call girls, they are easier to deal with.
text:It sounds like you enjoyed the sex a lot, but you also want an emotional connection to a woman.	labels:Yes totally.  Some of the prostitutes are very sweet, but they don't want anything too long term.  Just a weekend at most. Well thank you, you have been very helpful, I feel better now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how's life?.	labels:good, feels better now.
text:I am glad to hear it. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:about my experience with a friend who stopped communicating.
text:Yes I hear you on that, that happens to me rather a lot of the time. Can you tell me more?.	labels:usually we discuss issues or good news, anything day to day, suddenly i felt i am kept in the dark, while other friends in the group were aware of the problems faced by the friend.
text:That does not sound good. Do you feel that it is someone specifically who is blocking you out?.	labels:not blocking me out,but i felt that I am not considered close enough to discuss problems or personal issues.
text:Well, trust has to come with time... it cannot happen instantly. Perhaps you are being too hard on yourself?.	labels:I was trusted before, but not now.
text:Sometimes you just run up against people who are not trustworthy themselves. It's best to just ignore these toxic people!. Please know that it is NOT your problem, it it's their's!.	labels:i understand that. but i feel lonely when friend says i am having issues, i dont want to discuss with anyone, but other friends get to know of the issue and tell me about it in a casual conversation. i feel when some other had got to know of it, why it could not have been discussed with me.
text:I do understand how it feels to be gossiped about - that has happened to me more than once and it is really painful..	labels:i feel sorry for the friend that the trusted ones have not been able to keep up and at the same time, i was not considered trusted one, where i would have kept it to myself.
text:Perhaps you should consider getting some new friends? Are there any societies or anything that you could join?.	labels:i like your suggestion. i have started to do prayers and study more texts of my interest and this had surely given me a boost and I have now accepted the friend as it is. not really thinking too much of it, just accepting it as it is and moving on with my routine.
text:That sounds like a really positive outlook. Make a resolution not to let toxicity into your life in this coming year?. I hope I have been able to help you a little and set your mind at rest. I wish you a very happy New Year!.	labels:yes, thank you and happy new year to you as well.
text:goodbye and thanks for talking.	labels:good bye and  thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:How may I help you?	labels:Hello.
text:Are you there??	labels:if. I would like you to answer a few question, if that is ok.
text:What was that?.	labels:I am looking for a side job. cannot find it very easily.
text:I can provide you with some insights...sure.	labels:nice.
text:Uber. Lyft, Door Dash and Amazon delivery services are good.	labels:I could find some jobs that pay like 3 dollars an hour but not decent one. yeah, I am scared to go out.
text:Amazon pays well.	labels:I wish I could.
text:Don't be scared to go out.	labels:how much do they get? amazon.
text:There are plenty of jobs for freelance writers. Consider freelance content writing. What do you want to do as a Work From Home, Option?	labels:sure, I will. It has to be my native language though, i dont think they will hire me as an English writer.
text:What is your native language?	labels:anything but something really stressful.
text:You are not originally from the USA?	labels:I am from USA but I don't speak English perfectly. I wish I did but certainly writing is something I like.
text:Ok, you could be a tutor in your language for those who are native Engrish speakers.	labels:I could write a book and self publish. yes! I thought about it, I should do it.
text:I believe that it could be a new career option.	labels:yes.
text:I believe that you can succeed for sure.	labels:thanks, I will try to find some providers.
text:The key to success is having a positive attitude and believing in yourself.	labels:or I could start doing that on my own. Awesome. I will keep in mind and I agree with you.
text:I did the self-publishing route a long time ago. I gave me conifdence to succeed.	labels:oh nice! was it hard to self-publish back then?
text:I feel that you can have just as much success as I did.	labels:wow coool......
text:Self-willed belief they you can succeed in new money making ventures is the key!	labels:I had a friend who published a book about nuclear bomb, and I heard self-publishing is a little complicated. yes indeed.
text:Do you need help with anything else?	labels:im good. thanks for your help. have a good xmas.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:Hi I am not fine at all.
text:Whats going on?	labels:This pandemic is really causing a lot trouble and anxiety to us.
text:It definitely is... Whats going on COVID wise with you?	labels:Firstly last three month a go my company cut off my salary and next month they are planning to layoff some staffs.
text:That isn't good, are you one of them?	labels:What a trouble year!
text:It really has been a troubled year. We can only hope this year can be better. What kind of hobbies do you have?	labels:This is not a hobbies matter now it is about my life and future, my job is as stake here, I don't know what do.
text:Have they told you that you were losing your job?	labels:Every one in the company are talking about it.
text:I'm just trying to figure out exactly what you need help with.. Have you lost your job?	labels:We are all scaring. Because to find another job is not easy.
text:I agree with you there, we have all had to sacrifice something. You are right. it is difficult to find work right now.	labels:Pandemic is causing a lot of problem and the second face of it is coming.
text:You may be able to look into unemployment at least if it comes down to it.	labels:We don't know what is going to happen if it comes.
text:That is the scary part. It could come around again and cause more damage than it did the first time.	labels:It is really serious,.
text:Besides the basic hand washing and hygiene, I don't think we can prepare anymore for it. I think at this point, we will either get it or not until they figure if the vaccine will work or not. It is a very scary thing.	labels:People are losing job everyday by day,
text:Have you looked into unemployment?	labels:I pray the vaccine will work if it is approved. I am try to look for another job now before layoff from this company.
text:I'm there with you buddy, I hope it eradicate this from our planet. First and second versions.. That is smart.	labels:Nice chatting with you it time to go thanks. Bye for now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how is your life at the moment? Do you want to talk about anything?.	labels:I am doing ok. I just broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it.
text:so I hear you are not feeling at all your best at the moment?.	labels:That is correct.
text:Do you feel as though you have no-one to talk to about this situation? I am happy to listen..	labels:I am so sad and just wonder why did it happen!!!
text:Do you have no idea? Do you think you might have done something wrong or perhaps she was being unfaithful to you?.	labels:We had simple disagreement and both of us were keep fighting.. now I can not get over it.
text:Do you consider that there might be any hope for the  two of you at all?.	labels:I don't know. What should I do?
text:Well, I think you should give her some space but people do sometimes get back together after they've separated.	labels:I see your point.
text:You really do need to give her some space though - don't crowd her.	labels:Should I call her directly? What should I say?
text:I would give her a little time. Maybe two or three days? She might need some time to clear her head.	labels:That's a good idea. What should I say? Should I apologize?.
text:Perhaps you could send flowers and a note asking her if she'd like to talk?.	labels:That's a good idea. I will try that. Thank you.
text:She might be feeling receptive to that but if she's not you might have to accept that it's over..	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you?	labels:I am dong good. How are you?
text:Also Merry Christmas!	labels:Merry Chirstmas.
text:I'm doing good!. So how can help you? Is there anything bothering you today?.	labels:I lost my job and very distressed about it.
text:Oh I'm so sorry to hear that :(. That is terrible.	labels:Yes..
text:Have you started looking for a new one? I know this is difficult but the best thing I would recommend is moving on..	labels:Not yet. Not sure where to start.
text:Do you have a linkdin account?.	labels:I do, but not up to date.
text:I would start by creating/updating that.. That way you can find newer jobs..	labels:Please tell me more about linkedin, how it could help?
text:so linkedin gives quite a few suggested jobs given your profile.	labels:What should I look for in linkedin?
text:So an updated profile will show you jobs that you can apply that fit your skillset.. I would go to the "jobs" section in the menu and see what jobs you like best.. Its a bit vague but really just start looking and you will find something that fits!	labels:First I need to update my resume.
text:Thats a good starting point too! I believe linkedin can give suggestions on resumes format as well too.	labels:Thanks for  your suggestion..
text:Well it seems you have a good starting point. Is there anything else you want to talk about?.	labels:That's all.. thanks.
text:Have a good day!	labels:Although I get the suggestion from you, seems like I need to wait another 4 mins to close the chat. Please bear with me..	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you today? It is Christmas, so I expect there to be help for the lonely.	labels:Yeah, I'm pretty stressed today with the news from Nashville.
text:The news from Nashville?. What about it is making you feel anxious?	labels:I had to miss my family Christmas get together yesterday as well.
text:You are totally stressed out?	labels:oh yeah, there was a bomb that went off in Nashville Tennessee this morning. Very stressed.
text:I can tell that you are feeling bad about not seeing loved ones. Do you have any treadmills you can use or a gym you can access today?	labels:I have a full home gym actually. I just never am motivated enough to use it lol.
text:When I am stressed, I usually take a brisk walk of 30 to 45 minutes.	labels:Yeah, some exercise could help get my mind off of other things.
text:They say that fresh our is really good for releasing stress.  Do you have acupuncturists or holistic healers near you? I try and walk and get fresh air almost daily. I love parks and paths to walk through.	labels:They do but I'm not very into alternative medicine. I did relax outside for a bit though. Its very snowy and pretty here today. we got about an inch of now over the night.
text:Well, shoveling can be good for releasing tension in the body by exercising by shoveling, even though it is short.	labels:That's a good idea actually, I've been tracking snow in going up and down stairs, could clear a path.
text:I like doing a little shoveling but you have to do it right, as to not wear out your back. Do you like snow? We had a rain storm for hours on Christmas Eve. I wanted a little snow to make things look nice. Are my suggestions helping any?	labels:I love snow, winter is my favorite season I hate hot weather. It started christmas eve raining a ton here but it got to 15F over the night so it turned to a pretty heavy snow. They are, helped take my mind off of the stuff I wass stresing over.
text:Well, there are incense pots that allow you to close you eyes and feel the glow of the meditation sticks.  Certain scents can release stress. Do you have any on the home that you can burn?	labels:I do have some incense sticks, I usually use palo santo sticks though.
text:I have heard good things about Palo Santo sticks and rosemary / lavender oils that can calm and relax,.	labels:I think I have some rosemary essential oil actually.
text:Do you have any music or sound effects that you can listen to as to be able to relax?	labels:I do, have some music on currently. I love music, I'm almost always listening to something lol.
text:I suggest rosemary oils all the time.  Getting a few quaffs can calm the nerves. Listening to calming sound effects like running creek  water in the woods or dolphins communicating could put you in a good mood.. They say its best to stop those racing thoughts and breath in a steady pace.	labels:I will definitely try out the roemary oil.
text:Do you need any other insights?	labels:no I think that helped. Gonna try those out in a few minutes, thanks : )
text:You've done great at telling me your thoughts and deep feelings. Ok. You are doing great with being more at ease. I can tell from your responses that my suggestions have got the wheels moving.	labels:Yeah, I feel a lot calmer now. Thank you for all of the help.
text:It sounds like you are really upbeat and happier. You can click the red finish and exit button to complete the session. :)	labels:do you not have one?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you feeling? Is there anything on your mind?.	labels:hello.
text:What would you like to talk to me about today?.	labels:yes I would like to find more jobs, hopefuly online. do you have any suggestions?
text:Unfortunately I think that a lot of people are trying to find online work right now as people are too scared to go out - I know that I am!.	labels:haha, i am the same. Mturk really helps as my side job.
text:It can be very good yes. Have you tried any other sort of gig work?.	labels:I heard finally Antarctica got Coronavirus.
text:Oh wow, that is really bad. At least there aren't very many people there .. I think it's mainly research people..	labels:I have applied for them but never got them. So I am trying to become a YouTuber.
text:So you feel that perhaps you could make some money by vlogging?.	labels:yes who wants to live in Antarctica lol.
text:I think it would be fun to visit but not for very long..	labels:possibly, problem is that i don't want to show myself online, what do you think about wearing a full face mask and do youtube?
text:Well, perhaps you could vlog about the need to wear facemasks?.	labels:I think that is a great idea. Full mask is better than a partial mask.
text:Yes it is! Beware that there are a lot of people trying to make money on youtube though - you need to get lucky..	labels:Right, thanks for your advice, They do any crazy stuff to make money.
text:It's a difficult time for us all :) People are doing what they have to in order to put food on their tables I think..	labels:i know right, when in desperation people go crazy.
text:I am hopeful that with the vaccine having been developed, things might start to improve shortly..	labels:i want to be prepared before I go into that state. I hope so too1.
text:Can you think of things to look forward to in the New Year that might cheer you up a little?.	labels:oh yes the stock price may keep going up. Like Tesla, that cheears me up.
text:Well, maybe the change of administration in some parts of the world will help a little..	labels:what do you mean?
text:I mean that political change can help people and give them fresh hope. Or, depress them :).	labels:Oh yes. They're gonna give out 600 dollars to us I hope.
text:That would be a big help for people who are struggling!.	labels:Right now I am not too desperate and can enjoy listening to Christmas songs,
text:Christmas is a good time of year but it is also expensive. Do you think that it has increased your financial woes?.	labels:It is a beautiful time. Not really, as I did not buy any expensive gifts etc.
text:I am glad to hear that .. too many people think they have to spend too much. Anyway I hope you have had a lovely day and all the best to you.	labels:well, thank you for your advice. It was great taoking to you. Merry Christmas.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! What seems to be the issue?	labels:I'm depressed...
text:When did this start?	labels:Since as long as I can remember. I've always been depressed.
text:That sounds really hard. Depression is tough to manage.	labels:I know. It feels like I've tried everything but nothing works.
text:I can feel that you have a lot of pent up frustration with this, especially after trying so hard.	labels:Yes. I used to be angry but the anger has become sadness...
text:Lot of research shows that feelings of anger can morph into depression, that is not uncommon.	labels:I never knew that. When I was young, I was very angry but I held it inside.
text:I can tell that this has been very hard for you, especially since it has gone on so long.	labels:Yes, it has. I'm still hoping that there is a cure.
text:Why do you think you were angry?	labels:My parents got divorced and it ruined my childhood.
text:Ouch, that sounds really hurtful, but I know you are doing your best now. My parents divorced when I was young, but now I understand it has given me the opportunity to grow stronger as an adult.	labels:That's a good way to look at it.
text:Do you participate in any peer support groups? Those can really help let that emotion release?	labels:No, I don't. I could look into it.
text:Of course, there's lots of information available online for local meetings. Perhaps trying a group like ACA could really connect you with your inner child.	labels:That sounds like a good idea. Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:Hello.
text:how are you doing. What is troubling you dear.	labels:I lost my job because my employer wouldn't make an exemption for my medical condition. I'm out of work. I don't know how I'm going to pay my bills.
text:if i get you right, you are fired because of your health condition.	labels:No, I quit because they refused to make an exemption. I physically couldn't fulfill the requirements that they put on me.
text:that's really hard, i can feel your fear. i lost my job also because of covid economy inpact.	labels:Yeah, I just don't know what to do now. My wife works part-time but I need a little more cash.
text:have you try looking another job from nearby.	labels:Yes, I have. I think I am getting closer to finding something.
text:that's a good news.	labels:Yeah, thanks. I just hope it works out...
text:you can also go online.	labels:Yeah, I'm using Indeed.
text:you are welcome. you have to keep it together for a while before you get one. But i believe it will be soon.	labels:Thanks, have you found a job?
text:i have found a pert-time job also, it doesn't pay much but its better than nothing.	labels:That's true. It can be supplemented with gigs.
text:exactly.	labels:Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHi there, how are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:I'm feeling pretty anxious.
text:I am really sorry to hear that, is there anything specific causing this do you think?.	labels:I was a bartender before covid and I lost my job and it's really difficult for me. It's causing a lot of anxiety.
text:So you feel as though the virus has had a big impact on your life and is causing problems with your home situation?.	labels:Yes, that's a big part of it.
text:Have you tried contacting charities who might be able to help you out financially?.	labels:Well, I don't really want to reach out to charities, if I can help it. It would be much more beneficial for me to earn my money.
text:There is money to be  earned on the internet .. perhaps you could consider doing gig work?.	labels:That might be a good idea. Do you have any recommendations?
text:I know how difficult it is - I have been on furlough too and am finding financial things very tricky.	labels:I guess we're in the same boat.
text:A lot of people are really suffering at the moment. It's been such a terrible year but I am hopeful that things will get better in the New Year..	labels:Yes, I am too. Do you have any tricks for dealing with anxiety?
text:Have you thought of trying to see a therapist? There are some charities that offer sessions for free.	labels:No, I haven't looked into that. That's a good idea though.
text:They might be able to teach you breathing exercises or things like tht.	labels:That's great. Thank you very much!
text:Do you normally have problems with anxiety even before the pandemic?.	labels:Sometimes but it's been worse since the pandemic started.
text:Yes I can imagine that a lot of people feel like that. Do you feel as though things are hopeless without a job?.	labels:Yeah, I do. Until I can get a job, I don't think I'll be very comfortable.
text:Do you have a family to support?.	labels:I don't have any kids but I live with my partner so this is putting a strain on our relationship as well.
text:Do you feel that she feels less of you because of you being unemployed?.	labels:Yeah, maybe that's part of it.
text:I am really sorry for your situation and I really want things to be better for you in the New Year. All the best to you and yours for 2020!.	labels:Thanks! Same to you.	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:hi, how are you?
text:good. and you?	labels:i'm glad to hear! i'm doing fine.
text:Great. How may I assist you today? Great. How may I assist you today?	labels:It's great talking to you. I have an emotional problem, more like the fear that I will fail my class, it will greatly impact my future career.
text:Great talking to you too. I am sorry to hear that you are very worried. Why do you think you might lose your class? Are you not good at the subject?	labels:I am just not understanding the way the professor is teaching. More than 50% of the class is failing at the moment. The anxiety is crazy.
text:It sounds like it is the problem of the professor. It is always good think about the worst case senario. If, if, you really fail the class, what will happen?	labels:If I fail the course, I have a one time try to repeat the course again with the same professor. If I fail the second time, I can no longer go to all the colleges in that district to become a nurse.
text:I see! I love your career goal. When I was a student, I visited my professor's room a lot. I did that for almost all classes. Some professors helped me a lot and gave me a lot of hint. Do you visit them as well? I see! I love your career goal. When I was a student, I visited my professor's room a lot. I did that for almost all classes. Some professors helped me a lot and gave me a lot of hint. Do you visit them as well?	labels:I do visit them during office hours along with numerous amounts of students, but it doesn't really seem to be helping. I'm anxious and starting to doubt if I do my career goal. I love clinical and doing my hours at the hospital but the tests are just crazy.
text:I can see that you have great passion and you've been making efforts. My school was in a small capital city and the professors were not occupied with other students at all.. Since you're good at actual clinical stuff, I think you can do well at the tests too. Maybe you need more time to prepare for the test?	labels:Thank you, I appreciate your kind words. Some times the tests just don't seem like what is being taught in class and the books. I have already taken extensive notes.
text:Those tests are tricky, then I would ask more than a few questions in the class before the test. Students need to know what exactly they need to study in order to pass the test. I don't think most professors will mind helping students prepare for the tests. I am happy to help and I wish your great success in school and in your career.	labels:Thank you very much. I really appreciate you.
text:anytime, merry Christmas.	labels:Merry Christmas! Hope you have a wonderful day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:I fine now. The event happened 6 1/2 years ago.
text:Do you want to tell me more about it?	labels:I had the job for 14 months and I drank a lot before bed which was usually about 1 am. The job was second shift. The drinking affected my REM sleep and I was often tired the next day.
text:I can understand that... Did you lose your job because of this?	labels:I had a sleep study done soon after and was diagnosed with Sleep Apnea which was the main reason I would fall asleep at work.
text:Ouch, that's no good...  I understand medical issues can cause all kinds of problems in our lives.                                                                                 .	labels:I have been using a CPAP for 6 years and have dramatically reduced my drinking. It is amazing how refreshed I am all day now compared with any day during that time even the days I didn't drink because there were overall health effects that stayed with me.
text:I understand.. has the quality of your life improved?	labels:Yes I'm more enthusiastic about my life and family relations are better and I have built trust back up.
text:It's the small things that add up to a big picture.. How is your Christmas going?	labels:Fairly well; we talked to my brother who lives 1200 miles away and didn't come up due to COVID-19. I am making plans with a few friends to se an award-winning light display. We unwrapped gifts last night (me and my parents)
text:Well that is cool, I'm sure that will help take your mind off of some stuff. I am a runner. I like to run when I get stressed out.	labels:I am working close to fulltime now and my social life is more rewarding.
text:I understand having Substance Abuse issues. I was in a family with the some issues. It is tough on everybody I'm sure.	labels:I go to a Chirtian 12-step.
text:I am very familiar with it. Do you have a large support group?	labels:The folks there remember me by name even though about 60 perons go regularly. Thanks for chTTING. iT HELP TO BE IN TOUCH EVEN BY THE INTERNET WITHOUT SEEING A FACE.
text:No problem, I understand how hard things are some times. How else can I help today?	labels:No nothing in particular. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhow are you doing this morning.	labels:I am a little depressed. just not feeling myself.
text:sorry to hear that, why are you soo down?	labels:There are a lot of things, but for starters, my fiance that I've been with for 3 years cannot get married as planned because of the international border policy. and she recently received 3rd degree burns. her mother, father and herself all have COVID as well. and her grandfather died of COVID and her grandmother is hospitalized. her mom has lung cancer. and it all makes me very upset.
text:if i heard you correctly, your fiancée which her family is going through a lot couldn't get married to you because of border restriction?	labels:yes, that is correct.
text:i can see why you are soo depressed, i am soo sorry for what both you and your fiancée is going through.	labels:thanks it feels good to say it all out loud. I think I need to develop a coping mechanism.
text:if i may ask, where is your fiancée from?	labels:Indonesia.
text:i have had of such scenario before, so what step have u taken to remedy the situation.	labels:We are looking at other options via business visa but we don't know how that will go.
text:if you are an American, you can just go to Indonesia, get married to your beautiful fiancée and come back as a couple.	labels:Yes but unfortunately the borders are closed due to covid currently.
text:ok. what about this: go to a country like Greece that allows American, tell your fiancée to meet you there. get married over there and spend your honeymoon there too.	labels:Thats a great Idea!
text:and if Greece didn't permit Indonesian, then you just go to Greece, wait there for two weeks and then leave for Indonesia.	labels:Thats a really good idea it was nice talking to you.
text:i know you need to be with your fiancee during this hard time especially with what is going on with her family. But remember that you have to be strong for her..	labels:Thank you so much have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today? Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I am sad because I lost my girlfriend of one year.
text:Oh I am so sorry to hear that - this is a terrible time of year to get dumped. Please know that it will get better in time!.	labels:Why do you think it will get better?
text:Well, although it sounds like a cliche, time does help with healing wounds. It took me a while to get over a break up. We had been together eight years!.	labels:That must've been hard. Is it possible to heal without finding another?
text:Yes I think that it is but you really do need to be kind to yourself and give it time. Do you have good friends to support you?.	labels:Many of my friends wouldn't understand as they are in long-term relationships. But yes, I've a few good friends.
text:That is a blessing at least though I know it can be hard to see people in happy relationships when you are single..	labels:What did you do to cope in the first year of losing your partner?
text:I cried a lot to be honest, especially as he was happy with someone else. But I tried to focus on my work and my hobbies. It helped..	labels:What sort of hobbies helped you?
text:Well I love to read. Do you have anything that you could do to help you relax  and take your mind off things?.	labels:Well, I do love to write but sometimes the sadness just burns me out completely and I stare at the empty page.
text:Do you and she have any contact at all at the moment?.	labels:I tried to make peace with her and be friends but she's bitter.
text:Do you feel that perhaps you did not treat her as well as you could have done?.	labels:Yes. I think about that all the time... I could've been better but she was my first and I was foolish. I didn't appreciate her enough.
text:Well, you have at least learned a lesson and in the future will treat women better I think :).	labels:Yes, you have a point. Maybe this will turn out to my favor. You have to fail to succeed sometimes.
text:Quite! It's all a learning experience in the end. Maybe you should talk to someone about it? A professional counsellor?.	labels:I should do that. I've had a hard time connecting with counselors in the past but maybe that could work.	episode_done:True
text:Do you need help? What is the real issue?	labels:I don't even know, because I am not happy. Anxiety about losing my job.
text:I have been sad at times, but I listen to pleasant music. When have you started feeling sad? I had fear of losing my job at times. I suggest doing stress relieving tasks.	labels:I can't think of that of now, because last three month a go pay cut and nest month payoff.
text:Can you repeat that? You had a pay cut in the last three months?	labels:Yeah and the company is planning layoff for some of the staffs.
text:How do you know that layoffs are coming? Why not try to work for Uber or Lyft to supplement your income?	labels:They sent circular to all staffs.
text:What did it state? I am sorry to hear the news. Have you looked at updating your resume and looking on job boards?	labels:No I think I will just do that now may be it will help.
text:That is a great comment. Being pro-active and looking for similar jobs can help.	labels:Yeah thanks.
text:It' good to take initiative and start looking for other sources of income.	labels:I believe it work if I try.
text:I usually search job boards.  It is what I have dine in the past. It is important to believe in yourself.	labels:I am thinking about uber.
text:I can also suggest Lyft... What other feelings and thoughts can I discern for you?	labels:I can't think of any now thanks for being there for me. Bye for now.
text:I think that I can be here to answer. .	labels:Thanks it time to go.
text:How are my suggestions helping to reduce your unhappy demeanor? OK.  You can click the Quit/Finish.	labels:Very helpful thanks and bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.\nGood afternoon. how are you?	labels:I am not good at all.
text:oh no. I am sorry, what happened?	labels:This pandemic is causing too much of trouble for me. Firstly pay cut and now about to layoff.
text:I see. This pandemic terrible. sorry to hear that.	labels:My company don't want to consider any body at all.
text:That's pretty tough. You're like the 3rd person today who have been going through this,	labels:And I don't know what to do.
text:Can they work with another company to secure you a job or can you come back to work later if you get lay off ?	labels:I don't even know what they will decide.
text:Can you talk to your boss possibly and let him know you could do other job to help your boss so that you won't get laid off?	labels:This is not affecting only one person it is affecting every body in the company. Nobody know who is next.
text:I see. If it is really likely to happen, I would brush up my resume, make it stand out, but job search can be really stressful..	labels:The jobs are not there any more. Many people are affecting because of pandemic.
text:I see. Startimg your own business is something that could help. What do you think? Totally agree.	labels:Business? without capital now, it can't work.
text:yes, for example teaching something doesnt need much capital. I am trying to become some online tutor at some point. what do you think?	labels:I am thinking about Uber ride. Thanks for helping out, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning.\nHello.	labels:Merry Christmas.
text:Good morning. Merry Christmas. How may I help you today?	labels:I'm just struggling real bad with depression lately. I feel like I'm not any good, but the other part of my mind says that just isn't true. Despite having those conflicting thoughts....I can't get going. I've been in a downward spiral....IDK how to escape it.
text:I am so sorry i know how you are feeling just know everything is going to be okay. what has been making your depression start?	labels:I mean things do typically work themselves out, they always do....but I just can't get out of this rut I've been in. Well I lost my job because my GF had texted me saying she didn't want to be with me anymore....and I just couldn't handle it. Then I just started going downhill from there.....have had difficulty finding another job, or trying to replace lost income.
text:Have you looked into seeking therapy that will sometimes help with your depression.	labels:I have an appointment scheduled with a Doctor on Tuesday actually.... I made a call the other day....which was difficult in and of itself.
text:That is good. Have you been looking for another job putting in applications everywhere?	labels:Yes I have....I've had difficulty trying to receive a call back though.
text:I know it is hard right now finding a job with this pandemic going on and it will take time but i know you will find a job soon.	labels:which has been frustrating in and of itself. I know it's all mental, but I just can't break through.
text:You have to remain positive and keep your head and tell your self everything will be okay. I can understand how you are feeling and you are not alone.	labels:I really appreciate you listening, and understandig. it's tremendously helpful.
text:You are welcome. Everything will be okay just know that.	labels:You're right...I do know that, I just need to truly believe it. Every day is a new day for opportunity and to be better then yesterday.
text:Right and you have to take control of those negative thoughts and replace them with positive thoughts.	labels:I could do a better job of reframing situations and looking at everything as 'glass half full' instead of empty.
text:You are right you have to learn to control your feelings towards a situation.	labels:I do tend to overreact or just go overboard pretty easily.....I agree with you there.
text:Don't let depression take full control of you then it will be all bad.	labels:That's true....I will start doing a better job at looking at the brighter side of things....it's not as bad as I make it seem I guess.
text:once you learn how to have control over your feelings over situations then it will be pretty easy to maintain.	labels:I think seeing the doctor will help a ton too. you've been extremely helpful.
text:Yes seeing a doctor would really be helpful for you.	labels:Thank you for spending 15 minutes talking to me.
text:No problem. have a Merry Christmas and cheer up please :)	labels:I will, you've been a huge help :D.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening. How are you feeling today?.	labels:Good afternoon.
text:Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I am not happy at all.
text:I am very sorry to hear that, this should be a fun time of year. What is going on in your life?.	labels:I just lose my cousin for COVID-19.
text:Oh I am so sorry to hear that, how terrible! So you are feeling utterly bereft right now?.	labels:It a very bad year!
text:Yes it really is for everyone. I had a family member get Covid earlier this year but thankfully they recovered..	labels:This person is a good person to every one I didn't pray for this at all.
text:So you feel let down by the Universe and everything?.	labels:I feel bad I don't even know how am going to cope with my job any more.
text:Did you know that there will soon be a vaccine available? I know it is too late for your cousin but it might set your mind at rest about the rest of your family.	labels:I it works.
text:Well, I think you should try it and see. Hopefully it will work for everyone..	labels:Because this thing is get out of hand.
text:Yes. It is quite scary for all of us at the moment. Maybe it will be under control by this time next year though.. Can you think of anything to do that would take your mind off things?.	labels:I don't even know,
text:Perhaps you could make a list of the things that you have to look forward to in the New Year? It might help reassure you that things can get better..	labels:For now I can't think of any, because I am totally depressed right now, I feel that the world is going to end right now.
text:Please try not to think like that! I think we will survive. I must go but Merry Christmas !.	labels:Merry Christmas to you too. Thanks.. Good bye.
text:bye! You need to end from your side .. I can't.	labels:Ok thanks.	episode_done:True
text:How are you?	labels:Hello. I am okay. I have been grieving the loss of my grandmother so I've been a little down lately..
text:I am so sorry for your loss... When did this happen?	labels:This happened in May. I had to think about it for a moment because I was thinking it was March. It was May. This year has completely thrown me off. She passed away in May. Sorry for sounding redundant. I have just haven't been myself.
text:Wow that is horrible, and you don't sound redundant at all.	labels:Thank you.
text:I understand that loss is a painful thing to go through and can take us a while to learn to cope with it. I take it you two were close?	labels:That is true. I know the time will heal but it is painful.. We were very close when I was younger however for the past 15 or so years she was in a home in a different state. I didn't reach out to her much. I regret that. I am kind of ashamed that I did not make more of an effort.
text:I completely understand that. It is important to be able to let yourself heal.	labels:That is one of the hard parts for me. I don't take enough time for myself..
text:Don't beat yourself up over things that we can't control. What do you mean?	labels:Thank you. That was nice to hear that.. Sorry if that was confusing. I mean I don't take time for myself to heal because I feel so guilty that I didn't talk to her in the end.. Should I just accept it?
text:I think that you need to understand that  things happen about of our control and to not just accept it and forget it, but maybe put a day aside every year to celebrate her life.	labels:That is a good idea.. I do plan on taking a small trip to celebrate her life.
text:My grandmother was amazing, and loved burritos, so we used to make them together. After she passed, we started making them as a family in order to celebrate the life she had and memories of her..	labels:That such a precious memory to have..
text:That helps us all remember not her death, but her life and the good memories in a way that would show her how much you do care. Do you celebrate Christmas?	labels:You're right. I think something along those lines would make me feel her death in a different light. Make it into something enjoyable to remember her and not feel guilty. She wouldn't want that. Sometimes it takes an outside view to see. I appreciate your kind words.. Yes, I do. Do you? Merry Christmas!
text:I do, Merry Christmas to you too!	labels:I keep forgetting it's today. This year has just been so different. Thank you!
text:It has been a very different year, I am glad we are nearing the end of it.	labels:I am glad we are nearing the end of it too.. I appreciate you being there for me. It was nice to have someone to talk to.
text:Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:No. You have helped with everything I needed. Thank you.
text:I understand that I am glad to listen. It helps me just as much. No problem you have a great rest of this year!	labels:It was pleasant speaking with you. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! You too! Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I am really very angry with my friends for not inviting me.\nWhy is that?	labels:I didn't did any anything wrong to my friends but they are simply saying they forget me. So they no need on me , I am not important person to them.
text:I have been angry with friends as well, but time loves a hero, as they say.	labels:In my all events i am inviting them all but how they. Why what happen..?
text:How long have your friends been neglecting you??	labels:In last 2 events only , what about you.
text:Any other questions for me? I know it is hard at times, but be strong.	labels:You are correct. sometime it will happen , but we should forget and move on. How many best friends do you have ?	episode_done:True
text:Too Much Work Pressure.\nI understand... What kind of work do you do?	labels:Administration Work.
text:I understand that. How else are You.	labels:I am female and feminism problems also there during that time i am getting very anger.
text:I am Jason by the way... How am I speaking with?	labels:U r good. What type of work u r doing. What about me ?
text:Well I am male although I understand having issues everyday. Are things slow at your work?	labels:Sure as a working people everyday issue will be there ... i am right. My work is Slow ?
text:How are you feeling right now?	labels:Not so bad , but Ok.
text:Well what's going on with your work? What's causing so much pressure in your life?	labels:Too much administrative work like preparing reports for various departments and send mail to clients. There is no proper communication from top level people so happening error. That time i am getting angry.
text:I can understand that, kind of makes you feel mistrustful?	labels:Yes, you are correct , So i home i like to listen some good music to reduce my tension. DO like music? What type of music do u like.
text:I love music.	labels:Great Me Too , really awesome.
text:I honestly listen to mostly rap... lol what about you? What do you like? Although I pretty much listen to anything. Second in line is Country lol.	labels:i like instrumental music , like mild guitar and some other.
text:What is your favorite instrument?	labels:Piano and Guitar.
text:I love piano, my favorite anyway... Do you play?	labels:Some times i like to here some Indian instrument also. No, i will not but i like to listen. Sorry i will not play , but i like to listen. Do u know to play?
text:I understand that. I tried to play once, but it was difficult. Variety is the spice of life.	labels:Yes you are correct me too tried one time but i can't.
text:I got further with piano than guitar, but that still wasn't far. I tick with just listening now..	labels:That is great pleasure to be.
text:I do enjoy it. I listen to music while I do everything. I run every morning as well so music is great. The running helps to relieve stress. What other hobbies do you have?	labels:I am other hobbies is take care of my kid... She is an angle to me.. i love her lot and she is great to me.
text:I understand that. They definitely bring joy into our lives. Do you just have one?	labels:Yes , only one .. what about you ? and your family.
text:Well I am married with a wife and daughter... Been together for 15 years almost..	labels:Awesome , that is happy to hear , So you enjoying the life with beautiful family.
text:I am actually at the office today. I couldn't the day off. Do you celebrate Christmas?	labels:Yes, little , some work is there doing remotely.
text:Merry Christmas!	labels:Merry Christmas!!!
text:I just needed to tell you that in case you haven't heard it from anyone today.	labels:Yes, you little special person from others. Shall we finish the conversation.
text:Yes of course. What is on your mind?	labels:Ok Enjoy the Day ..Be Happy forever. Now i am very relaxed. Going to enjoy the day with my angle. so i am in hurry to finish the work.
text:Ok great have a great day.	labels:Thank U.
text:What work is that?	labels:Bye Have a Good Day. Some Report preparation.	episode_done:True
text:How can I assist you today?	labels:I am not happy at all.
text:I feel that I can help you. I have felt bad on Christmas as well, but feelings pass.	labels:The fear of layoff from job.
text:You are making the right decision to talk to me. So, you are in fear of losing a full-time job or pat-time job? What makes you think and fear that layoffs at your job are imminent?	labels:Full time, three months a go my salary was cutoff.
text:I feel bad about that. So, you have been out of a job for three months? How else can I help?	labels:Not really just the salary  was cut into two because of pandemic now they are planning to layoff some staffs which I am scare of, not to affect me.
text:Have you consider becoming an Uber driver or Lyft driver to supplement your income?	labels:Thanks! I am not even thinking about that at all.
text:You can definitely do it as a way to buffer yourself against loss of income. Does that suggestion help?	labels:Yes! I will consider that,.
text:You could also reduce fear by considering Door dash and other food delivery services.	labels:I feel relived now because of your suggestions. You are too good, thanks.
text:You have been a good person to take my advices.	labels:You must be guidance and counselor,
text:I once struggled as well with fear over my job security, but decded to work many jobs to pay the bills. Do you need any other help?	labels:Hoo! I thank God today, I meet a right person. Thank you for every thing,
text:I feel good to point you in the best direction.....are we done? Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.	labels:Noting more to seek help for, you have help me a lot. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you too. Bye and Thanks.
text:I try and suggest ideas that benefit others.	labels:Thanks.
text:You can select the red Quit and Finish button.	labels:Bye for now.
text:Cheers to your health.	labels:You are good. Thanks bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?\nIm okay how are you?	labels:I am glad you are doing okay, I am struggling with my current employer which has brought me an area of anger and sadness.
text:Oh no, that's not good. I understand how you feel there. I can definately relate to that...What's going on?	labels:My employer is great, I work for a local hospital as a house keeper technician, but my department is poorly observed by HR and corporate. I have been excelling in my role and went from part time employee with no benefits at 40hrs a week, but since I have a applied for our security team I was denied because I took the full time position and have to wait another 4 months. I have already worked in this position for 7 months.
text:So you applied for the Security Team and was denied because of your full time position with the same company?	labels:Correct, when I took the position my manager said that I could transfer after six months. I felt lied to and the micromanaging and high turn overstaff due to my supervisor has me on that same boat now. I feel like my only option is to quit. HR was the one who delivered the transfer denial.
text:Wow, that is crazy that is going on, it doesn't seem fair at all... Have you tried going to any higher up? Perhaps in the HR department?	labels:I am thoroughly disappointed, I have applied for a few local security job sites in my area that have had some interest in my resume. I figure I will leave the hospital since I was lied and I can only see this being the trend with this department. They keep their good workers and let the low skilled workers transfer out or they just quit.
text:That's horrible they would treat the HOSPITAL workers like this, with everything that is going on in the world today.	labels:I have a six page paper of grievances for HR and a full unscripted transparent experience as an employer with details and dates of these frustrations. I know it will not go anywhere since their policy states that an employee must work six months from when they take a new position within the company. I went from a housekeep to a housekeeper technician (scrub walls and take curtains down and clean contact rooms).
text:That is a position right there in the line of fire. Have you tried for employment anywhere else? I wouldn't just quit and not have something else at least working in the background..	labels:I am paid $10.75 an hour and their security team makes about $12.50 plus overtime opportunities and details. I went to school for criminal justice and the hospital would have helped me obtain my bachelors if I worked for them after completing it, I had to work there for a year in order to get their help. I was looking forward to this opportunity, but now I am just to bitter to work there at this point.  I loved what we stand for value wise, but  their values are not walked out. I have an interview soon with another company that I am just waiting on the details for, I think this will yield more fruit once I get the approval. I am uncertain if I will give two weeks if I can do a "start today" option.
text:I definitely understand that. Do you want a couple links on dealing with some stress? I personally like to run..	labels:Sure links are always helpful (for the record, I left the employer and work for fabulous healthcare company now that I have been with for two years). Do you run during the winter when it is cold, or do you have different coping strategies for the winter time. It is 8 degrees where I am at.	episode_done:True
text:My friends are trying to shame me. How ridiculous....\nhi i am sorry to hear that. what are they trying to shame you with? what are they trying to shame you with?	labels:It is Christmas and my friends say that I do not donate enough to charity. They are putting me on a guilt trip.  My one old friend is the President of a local non-profit.
text:well, the donation to charity should be what either you can affort or volunteeer, it all depends on your situation.	labels:I am not making much income with the COVID-19, either.
text:it has to come from the heart and if your circumstances do not allow that then they should not talk badly about you.	labels:Two different (so-called) friends of mine need to get a life.
text:shame on them to do that to you. well you might not consider them real friends if that is what they do. it is always easier to judge over other people then to validate what anyone self is doing.	labels:Yeah, people don't know that just because my two friends go "Way back," does not mean they should be able to to hurt me, emotionally. What should I do about these two (so-called) friends?.
text:definatly not  ...have you tried explaining your situation to them?	labels:No, they don't know that I am in financial trouble myself. COVID-19 has wrecked my steady income levels.... Things were great, this time last year.
text:well i know thats something most people do not want to disclose can you help the organization with donating your time?	labels:I might be able to do that.
text:unfortunatly it is right now very comen this situation, so no shame for that,	labels:Well, I used to donate a LOT in year's past.
text:a lot of times donating time to help organisatiosn is more valuable then money.	labels:Great point.
text:times and situations change so thats ok.	labels:My friends may like to know that I am trading time....instead of donating money.
text:i worked for a non profit and the biggest struggle was to find volunteers to help out.	labels:Yes, you make a good point.
text:I feel that is a great donation and if they do not like that tell them money is easy to give time not.	labels:The proble is that some people just want to shame people without knowing their plight.
text:Yeah, true, we need to stay above them then in all actuality  we don't know what goes on behind closed doors in their life. sometimes people like that reflect.	labels:I need to think of others ways to contribute that won't have my friends hating on me. I have pride, too.
text:BUt it should be what you want not what your 'freinds want. you should be proud of yourself.	labels:Yeah......
text:Hopefully next year will bring better things and maybe even a better friend that does not judge into your life.	labels:The problem is that I am not sure it my friends are going to believe me; I am a well-to-do individual. We can only hope for a better 2021. Not sure how quickly the markets rebound....
text:well if they do not believe you as well you might really need to rethink your friendships and the meaning in those so called freind ships. hopefully soon for all of us, but hold on to the thought of being healthy.	labels:Well, I usually go to their get-togethers. Both of my friends are well-to-do.
text:I am hoping you will find the right solution.	labels:Well, you have been helpful. Thank you. Good bye.
text:thanks I wish you all the luck and health. good bye.	labels:Happy Holidays.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi!
text:How may I help you today?	labels:What suggestions do you have for unruly kids who argue when their parent need quiet in their respective offices because we work at home? Yelling does not work.
text:Have you tried to talk to your kids about that?	labels:I'm thinking of taking away devices, but then Corona is still here. I feel that is very mean considering they are already stressed being in doors. Talking is great when we are doing it and they all agree. But it never stays this way.
text:Maybe that will be a good thing because it might make them wished they had listened to you and won't do it again,	labels:I almost feel like crying. I hear you but....
text:Everything will be okay. Try to talk to them and be very firm with them.	labels:I feel that is abusive when I know how bad they are being affected psychologically. I actually feel like just locking them in their rooms until we get done working. Kind of like being grounded.... I will try to talk with them again. I know I will probably be tearful which I know bothers them.
text:How about reward them with something if they listen and behave.	labels:Maybe they will react to that... I'm so glad the vaccine is here\ Thats a better idea....
text:Don't get to hard on yourself everything will be okay.	labels:I appreciate your support and maybe I will take them to the park where we all play family games but just with us four. They really love to do that. I think that they want attention from us more because we are right here. Or maybe we'll have a picnic together. It has been awhile since we have done something outside of the house together.
text:Yes maybe that will work for them and probably want to be outside.	labels:I feel it is like pent up frustration. They were very very busy before Corona.
text:I understand the corona has messed everything up this year.	labels:Do you have kids?
text:are they having a good Christmas. No i have no kids but want some one day.	labels:They are SUPER happy today of course. Luckily they have received the same amount of presents they get any other Christmas because our income has stayed the same. These kids do not know how lucky they are right now. Maybe I can stress that to them a well. They need to know they have a lot to be grateful for. Thanks for your ear and your help! I hope you have an awesome christmas and please stay safe!	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:Well, I am depressed. And it is Christmas. I am still having bad flashbacks from War in Iraq. Can you help? Um, hello. Are you there?
text:I'm good. sorry I stepped out..	labels:Well, can you help me? Why did you step out?
text:Are you a veteran? I am happy to help. I am sorry to hear that..	labels:Do you smoke? A smoke break? Yes, I am a veteran.
text:No I quit smoking 10 years ago.	labels:Oh, that is good. There is no need to destroy your organs with nasty tobacco.
text:I can only imagine your suffering but I used to date a Veteran and he had nightmare often so I could relate to you.	labels:I just keep having flashbacks of the war zone. Oh, that is good that you can relate.
text:Thanks, I agree. Health is important. Does that happen recently a lot?	labels:They called me "Camouflage.' I was a bold Marine, but now my head is in the war....still.
text:Thank you for serving our country. You are worth so much respect..	labels:Yeah, I just need to get over my depression somehow. I need to shake my thoughts of the Hot Zone. Yah know?
text:Yes yes Marine is the toughest people in military. Wow. I think this is PTSD. I have been to Adult Hospitalization program where people who have depression, PTSD and anxiety disorders etc get together and talk to therapist. It helped a little bit. You might be intererested in that..	labels:Ok. I am glad to talk with you.
text:I could only see that in movies. wow, so scary.	labels:Lots of my Marine buddies have had PTSD. Women and men alike. Women are also joining the Marines....
text:I think your minds have deep scar. It needs healing. Wow I cannot imagine becoming a Marine. It requires a courage.	labels:I know.....but do you recommend anything? Meditation or some other form of therapy?
text:yes I recommend playing some instruments if you are intersted. yes I recommend playing some instruments if you are intersted.	labels:How does that help? I am interested in learning more....
text:I've tried meditation  while I was at Adult Hospitalization program. It was calming too. Yoga is good too.	labels:Wow.  Have you worked with Veterans at all?
text:For example, playing drums, learn piano, or use Diginal Music software to  create music. If you are a music person. No i have only dated one.	labels:Well, that sounds like a great way to help with my deoression. Thanks.
text:Good, something to free your mind and heal your mind..	labels:Well, I think your conversations have given me hope with my depression. I can see myself listening to good music. Nice talking to you.
text:Taking care of your self is important. Stay happy and make sure you and your people around you are both happy.. Nice talking to you too. Stay safe.	labels:Merry Christmas.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, how are you doing today?
text:I am good how are you.	labels:I am glad you are doing well, I have been struggling lately as my girlfriend that I was going to propose to broke up with me. She told me that my career path was different then hers and she just did not see it working out.
text:How was your career path different? I understand how you are feeling everything will be okay.	labels:She had a desire to do marine biology and I wanted to pursue law enforcement as a police officer, however due to my back injury that fell through recently. She would spend most of her time doing field work, which would require her to spend time out at sea. She was working in a nursing home at the time and was not a marine biologist.
text:She did not like your career path?	labels:I am thinking that would be the case, however we dated for 3 years and then reconnecting about a year later which at this time was a distant relationship. She now has a boyfriend which she started date about 2 months she broke up with me. I found out that he works with her at the nursing home. I am unsure what to think, but she did say that she just didn't see how our career paths would work out and that was that.
text:If anything she was supposed to support whatever career path you took  and that is not right. It is weird to me also how she got into another relationship fast after she broke up with you just 2 months after.	labels:I have had some friends echo that. I agree, it definitely felt like I was giving a lot through the time we dated. I have always wondered if this was a true statement, knowing her I think she probably got scared of what that entailed or just the distance. The new boyfriend was definitely a wild card, that I think has caused me to question her parting words.
text:Right but to be honest I would not let that stress you out or be upset about it because you do not need anybody that don't support your career. I would just move on and let it go and focus on your self.	labels:I appreciate your feedback on this, (this event for context occurred about a year ago and I have moved on from it) my support system has said the same thing. I think the difficult part is just overcoming that mental/emotional hurdle of having the desire to marry her, which failed since it was an expectation of what was to come. I appreciate your suggestions. I think being the best "me" will help equip me for my future spouse! :)
text:Right i can understand how you are feeling. We all have been in a situation where we have the desire to marry someone and all that fails. I have been in a situation like that.	labels:What did you do to help overcome the depression you faced or the grief of what was?
text:I just had to let it go and just focus on myself because i had no choice.	labels:That is a valid point, I appreciate your help with this situation and listening to what I experienced.
text:No problem. Merry Christmas!	labels:Have a wonder Christmas, maybe we will chat again on this forum! Happy Turking :).	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:hello. how are you? I wanted to briefly chat about my jealous feeling. My friend sent me a pic as a greeting showing her hubby and I am jealous.
text:I am doing good. How are you?	labels:Next time I see her I want to hide my jealous feeling, but not sure if I can do it well. great. I am good.
text:so, you envy your friend having a good spouse, is that correct?	labels:yes that is correct.
text:Are you a female, if I may ask?	labels:yes.
text:Do you have a husband or bf?	labels:I could say I am a female that is one of those left out. not currently. I really don't know how those women find partners and get married and stay with the same partner for a long time..
text:You get frustrated that other people are achieving something, you are not able to do. Is that a fair understanding?	labels:I think so, I am not complaining but I guess I am haha.
text:What do you think about your self as person? Kid, affectionate, caring? *kind.	labels:I am very sexy and fun but not relaxed, I am caring I think but am not good at showing it. blush!
text:To be honest, here what I feel about you.. you have a lots of good qualities, you are a wonderful person. However, you shortchange yourself. If you can, please start building some self confidence.. Be proud of yourself... Someone having a good hubby does not mean that she is happier than you.	labels:true true.
text:One secret in life is if you wish other people be happy from your heart, in turn it makes you happy. Give it a try, and you will realize it..	labels:Oh really! I will definitely try that. Great advice. Thank you. I hope you have a good Xmas. I wish your happiness over Chrismas! :)
text:We see so many picture perfect couples in celebrity world... some of them fall apart quickly.. we need to focus on our lives and pursue our happiness.... Happy Holidays...	labels:Happy holidays :)	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nhello.	labels:how are you?
text:I am good , how is your side, how may be of help.	labels:Fine thank you. I have problem with my friend.
text:okay,  life is full of problems and challenges. Can you please tell me more about it.. hello.	labels:He is such a negative character, he has shared my sensitive secrets with my girls friend, so that , she became upset, she didn't talk with me. I don't want to see his face, his name is Thomas.
text:that is very bad of him.	labels:very true. Now my love relation has  in very bad condition. what can I do now.?
text:Just from our conversations, I can see how hateful you are to that your friend behaviour .	labels:yes.
text:I was in  that kind situation when my rusted friend fucked up.	labels:So. I already broke up my friendship with him.
text:the major concern now is your girl friend,  you need to try to let her trust you back. As much she loves you, she will forgive you. plead her, let her know how bad your friend is. .	labels:yes sure, but  how?
text:confess the fact to your girlfriend and feel remorseful .	labels:ok I will try my best.
text:distance yourself totally from bad company that cannot keep secret.	labels:I hope she will understand. yeah.
text:Fidelity is most important in any relationship, open up to your girlfriend and if she refuse to forgive you, try to tell someone you know can talk to her..	labels:yes I didn't want to see his face.
text:Fidelity is most important in any relationship, open up to your girlfriend and if she refuse to forgive you, try to tell someone you know can talk to her.. PLS END THE CHAT.	labels:yes sure, Thank you for your kind words.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's nice to meet you.\nThank you. How are you?	labels:Honestly, I've been feeling very depressed lately. My dog died a month ago and I've just been feeling very empty..
text:Very sorry for you loss. How long you had the dog?	labels:7 years. I had him since he was a puppy. He would have turned 8 years old next month.
text:I understand what you are going through. This is one of most difficult time of someone's life. .	labels:Thank you. One of my coworkers told me that "he was just a dog and that I should get over it," but I just can't. He brought so much joy to my life and now that I don't have him anymore, I just feel so empty.
text:It is not just a dog. How insensitive of someone say that.	labels:Well, my coworker lost his mother to COVID so I guess he is going through some tough times too.
text:I suggest you pretty soon adapt another dog. This might help you fill up the emptiness..	labels:I have been trying to get out of my slump. I even thought about getting a new dog, but that just brings up sad memories. What do you think I should do?
text:If you are not ready to get a new dog, another thing you might try to spend some time volunteering in a dog shelter... that might give you different perspective.	labels:That actually sounds like a good idea. I hope the shelter near me will take volunteers with COVID and all.
text:If you are not comfortable going out due to COVID, you could involve some activities online promoting dog adaption and create awareness online and through social media...	labels:That's a great idea. I would love to get involved in anything related to pets. They need a loving home, especially during times like these. Thank you for suggesting that.
text:Anything else I could help you with today?	labels:No, I'll try following the advice you suggested. Hopefully, that'll help me get out of my slump. I may even meet another dog that way too. Thank you again.
text:Thank you. Please use "Finish and Quit" to end the discussion.	labels:It says you need to send more messages?
text:Sure.. do you have any other pet?	labels:Nope, I just had Rex. My mom had a cat though, but I was never a fan of the cat. I just bonded with Rex naturally.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning.	labels:Good morning to you.
text:How are you?	labels:I am not fine at all.
text:I'm sorry, what seems to be going on?	labels:Presently my salary was cut off .
text:I am very sorry to hear that. How long has it been cut off for?	labels:Since four month a ago and now the company is planning to layoff some staffs.
text:Have you had a chance to talk to your employer? It often helps to get information out in the open and ensure that everyone is on the same page.	labels:No there is nothing anybody can do about the situation. We are all praying not to affect us.
text:If you were able to talk to your boss, you may be given more clarity on whether or not your position would be one that is getting cut or not.	labels:Ok maybe I will just do that, but I don't think it is easy to do because they have explained the situation to all staffs.
text:I understand completely, it won't be an easy conversation but I am sure you will feel better getting information on your position specifically.	labels:Thanks for your concerns, but what I am scaring for now is how I am going to secure another job in this time of pandemic.
text:Have you thought about reaching out to hiring agencies for help with a new job? I have gone through them before and they are very helpful!	labels:Thanks that is what I was thinking about but the fear of shortage of jobs in US is not easy.
text:I completely understand that and I can tell how uneasy this is making you. I had the same concerns, as I had issues with the job market when the pandemic first started but I reached out to a hiring agency and they were able to find me a job.	labels:Because of COVID-19 many people have loss their jobs.
text:I lost mine when the pandemic first started.	labels:Thank you for every thing I will try to reach out for hiring agencies for new job. Bye for now.	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:Hello. What do you think of my problem?
text:what is the problem you are facing. what is the problem you are facing.	labels:The problem that I am facing is that my professor would not listen to my case about my grade. It felt very bad because I was silenced and could not do anything.
text:so you are saying that your grade is low and your professor is not listening to you.	labels:yeah pretty much. he would not respond to my emails and when i got the dean involved he disregarded the whole situation.
text:that's terrible, have you go through a lecturer that you are at least close to.	labels:Nope, I ended up learning from the situation and accepting that there are thing I just cannot change.
text:i had an issue like that with my supervisor. He wouldn't schedule a meeting or reply my mail, not until i went to a lecturer they all know. i can feel your stress, just take it easy with your self.	labels:Yes you're right. I think i have to accept that it's okay to go to the higher ups because thats what they are there for.
text:yes, should mail or call him, leave a voice note if need be, tell him that you will take it up if he didn't respond to you.	labels:I agree I will do it after the holidays are over because right now everything is closed. the outcome will not matter because whatever comes from it I will know that I tried everything I could.
text:yes, it is holiday season. Have a nice holiday first and face the issue head on after.	labels:I agree thank you for the help your messages gave me reassurance that I am not in the wrong.
text:once everyone sees that you have been trying to get in touch with him but he refuse to respond, then your case is already favored.	labels:you're right i just have to voice my concern and the rest will be up to how they want to deal with it.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.\nHi, how's things?.	labels:Things are ok I am just having issues with the problem above.
text:I am afraid that I am not able to see that .. can you tell me about it?.	labels:Yes, so I have always done very well in school and university. I have always had A's or high B's. Last semester in university, I failed one of my exams. I still passed the class with an A, but for some reason, that exam haunts me and gives me bad dreams. I don't know why it happens and it worries me.
text:I can understand that - when I was sitting my final exams I constantly had nightmares about failing. Nearly thirty years on and I still do!! But - you did really very well and you passed with an A. Do you think maybe you are being a little too hard on yourself?.	labels:Maybe, I got a 46% on the exam (so an F) but I did all my other assignments and exams almost perfect and got an A overall. I never once failed a test in my life, and have always held myself to a very high academic degree to make my parents proud. I come from a poor family, so succeeding in life is very important to m,e. me*
text:It sounds as though you feel that academic success is the most important thing in your life, would I be right in thinking this?.	labels:Yes you are correct.
text:Have you considered talking to anyone about these feelings of perfectionism? A therapist perhaps?. There is a good deal of useful help and information out there for people who are struggling..	labels:I have not, actually. I don't think my family can afford a therapist, especially with the pandemic raging right now. Where do you recommend going?
text:Does your school have any counsellors offering help for free? Many do.. I believe that there are some charities that will offer a certain number of free therapy sessions too.	labels:I don't think any are available since my school is online only, also the campus is completely closed due to Winter Break. Oh? Charities?
text:Yes I think so though I am not totally sure. There should be someone at your school, online or not, who can advise you..	labels:I have never heard of such people, I am interested.
text:Really though I think that your problem is self esteem .. you should think better of yourself :) I can tell that you set yourself a very high standard but I also think that you need to be kind to yourself..	labels:I think you're right, but I don't know, I'm still scared about having the bad dreams. I often wake up 2-3 times at night because of them.
text:I can understand that - this has been happening to me all of my life. Have you tried to take anything to help?. I can recommend a hot milky drink before bed and perhaps a hot water bottle. Anyway I hope that I have been able to be of some assistance to you!. Have a lovely holiday season..	labels:Thank you, I'll try to do just that. Merry Christmas to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, I hope you can help me.
text:Sure I can.	labels:I work hard at my job in an office.  We acquired another company and my job is now twice the work. Two of my coworkers have gotten a raise and I have not gotten anything!
text:Have you talked to your boss about it?	labels:I have hinted around that my job is sooo busy and he knows it, I haven't come out and said anything yet.
text:I can understand how you feeling you work extremely hard and get no raise when you deserve it.	labels:Yes, I have been at the job for 15 years and make a decent salary but this amount of work is insane.  Do you think I should bring it up to him>
text:oh wow 15 years? I really believe you need a raise and doing more work now. I honestly think you should bring it up to your boss.	labels:Yes, I think so too.  I like my boss but he is funny about things sometimes.  Any ideas on how I could bring it up to him.  I hate feeling this way, my attitude is really turning sour.
text:I can't believe he has not given you a raise by now.	labels:I know!
text:Just tell him that you need to have a serious talk with him and tell him straight up what is on your mind don't hold it back.	labels:So, I guess I'll have to be honest and brave at the same time. Do you think I should bring in proof....paperwork, etc.  I have been working extra as well.
text:Yes I know you can do it but that is the only way to solve the situation is by communicating with him. Yes that would help more by bringing in proof to him.	labels:Ok, I am just so angry over the whole thing, I'm going to have to keep my cool and let him know without getting an attitude, do you think that will work?
text:Yes just remain calm with him.	labels:I will try, I hope I don't start crying!  I tend to get frustrated and cry.
text:getting a attitude with him will not help at all.	labels:Yes, you are right, it will make it a bad situation.
text:Don't let this situation get to you so much.	labels:O. oops. I'll try not to, I have to be calm, like you said.
text:Everything will be ok.	labels:Thank you so much for your positive support! I'll let him know I need to talk and I'll remain calm.
text:Your welcome i am sure he will give you a raise once you talk to him.	labels:Fingers crossed!  I really have gone above and beyond and feel I really deserve it.
text:I will be praying that you get the raise because you deserve it.	labels:Thank you so much, you've been very helpful!
text:Your most welcome.	labels:Merry Christmas!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hello.
text:How may i help you today?	labels:I've been sad. My dog died.
text:I am sorry I know exactly how you are feeling I have had a dog that i loved more than anything die couple years ago.	labels:Sorry to hear that. I just watched a movie that had a dog that looked like mine in it. It upset me.
text:What movie was it?	labels:I don't remember the name of the movie, but it was about some kids trying to find homes for dogs that a shelter was closing before Christmas.
text:Oh ok how did your dog die was something wrong with him or just old age?	labels:She was old, blind and was getting dog dementia. I had to have her put to sleep.
text:I am really sorry that has got to be the worst feeling putting your dog to sleep.	labels:It is. At least I was able to be with her so she wasn't afraid.
text:I just think of it this way your dog is in dog heaven and is watching over you that is how i think of it even though it really aint true thats just how i think. My dog died of old age. it took me like 2 or 3 weeks to get over it and not cry for once.	labels:I just miss her. I believe she is with her brother. He died 7 years ago. He was hit by a car. I can understand that.
text:I can understand how you feeling but everything will be okay and it is ok to miss her.	labels:I was doing pretty good then there was this dog in the movie and I just broke down again.
text:I understand I would break down to if I saw that. Just do something you like to do to get your mind off of it.	labels:It helps to have a person to talk to. I used this chat Hit before right after I had to put her to sleep. The person I talked to then had a dog too.
text:Right it is always good to have someone to talk to in a situation like that.	labels:It's a good Idea to do something to get my mind off of it.
text:Just by expressing your feelings with someone will help a lot to.	labels:Yes it helps.
text:Maybe you can watch a comedy movie or another kind of movie to get your mind off of it.	labels:That sounds like a good idea. A comedy probably would help.
text:yes it would help. Keep your head up and know your dog is dog heaven and not suffering anymore.	labels:Okay. Thanks for talking. Goodnight.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhow are you doing. how are you doing.	labels:good and you?
text:i am good too.	labels:My spouse wants me to allow him to have a cheat day during Christmas.
text:what's up with you.	labels:Basically he wants to sleep with someone else for a change.
text:let me get you right, you mean you guy want to cheat on and he told you about it.	labels:yes he wants me to know so that he doesn't feel guilty about it.
text:wow, that will be tough on you because even if you said no, he might just do it without telling you.	labels:Exactly.... he said I can do it behind your back without you ever knowing but I would rather be honest with you.
text:i can feel your anger and disappointment. my ex cheated on me before and it hurts like hell. my ex cheated on me before and it hurts like hell.	labels:I told him I don't want that to happen but he offered whatever I wanted no matter the price and all I could think was I just want him to be faithful. He told me not to take it personally because it is just lust and that he loves me only.
text:since when have you guys been together.	labels:Actually, today is our 4th year anniversary.
text:that's a long time..	labels:Yes I guess he just wants a change.
text:have you guys seen a therapist.	labels:No but I am thinking about i. it*
text:every relationship has it's ups and down, just make sure you guys talk to an expert and make reason out of this .. therapy has help my relationship a great deal.	labels:I will definitely look into it. You are a great listener and I feel better now that I spoke to someone about this issue.
text:good, and make sure you are not too visibly angry at him for telling you. just help him trough the process.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there and Happy Holidays! I hope you are feeling okay at the moment?.	labels:I am not, this is a very hard time of the year for me.
text:I am really sorry to hear that. Please know that I am happy to listen and to help you if I can!.	labels:Thank you for that.  I really miss my girlfriend.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Have you separated or can you just not be together at Christmas?.	labels:We are separated.  She said I was watching too much Buzzr and didn't pay enough attention to her, so she dumped me.
text:That is not good. But relationships can be reestablished if you talk. Have you considered seeing a third party to help you both talk this out?.	labels:We tried to see a counselor.  It did go too well, the counselor took her side on everything, it was very unprofessional.
text:I seem, so do I hear you saying that you feel that everyone is against you on this and that you feel powerless?.	labels:It feels like that way.  Even my parents seem to support her more than me.  I am all alone now watching a Buzzr marathon with no one to truly support me.
text:I am sorry that your parents are not being more supportive. I understand how hard it is when you have a break up and loved ones seem to support your ex!.	labels:Has this happened to you before?
text:Please know that you are not alone in this situation and that there will be light at the end of the tunnel.. Yes it has .. my boyfriend left me for someone else and most of our mutual friends took his side!.	labels:I am sorry to hear that, I think your boyfriend made a big mistake leaving you, you seem like a very nice and sweet person.
text:Thank you :) I am sure that there is someone else out there for you too if you cannot reconcile with your ex. The question is, how much do you really want to? You might be better off without her.	labels:That might be true, she really blew it with me, I am a good catch.
text:That is a good way to think! Never let something like this destroy your self esteem..	labels:I agree.  You know, you are very good at this.  Did you end up finding a new boyfriend or husband?
text:Yes, I am engaged now. I realise that my ex did me the biggest favour anyone ever could!.	labels:Well that is a good success story!  Thank you for the motivation.
text:Maybe you should think about talking to a counsellor or something about this, just to work through your feelings?.	labels:Yes I will do that.  Thank you for your support.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How can I encourage you today?	labels:Hi, I have been going through a lot of stress with school and am also sad and lonely as of late and not sure how to make myself feel better.
text:So you have had a lot of stress with school lately and are struggling to keep yourself cheerful? Is there something in particular at school that is stressing you out? Exams? Relationships?	labels:Yes! Its very hard to keep positive with all the work I have and I feel I am not doing well. Yes, I have a lot of exams right now and that on top of not hanging out with friends a lot lately has made life tough.
text:I can understand being stressed if you think you are not doing well in school and have a lot of work. How are your grades now?	labels:I still have decent grades but I feel like I am not prepared for big exams currently and they are worth a lot.
text:Yes, that can be tough. When I had a lot of tests coming up and a lot to study for, I wrote down goals to study -- like I broke down the classes and made certain goals to study a bit in each class. And then if I did that, I could go out with friends or some reward like that.. For example, if you have 7 classes, you can make a chart for when you will study for each of those classes and then check them off as you accomplish it, maybe not all in one day, maybe break it up in reasonable bits. Then study according to your goal, if that makes sense. I remember after each class, I would take 15 minutes to review all my notes from class, that seems short, but really, it adds up and helped so much.	labels:Yes, I think you have excellent advice about organization. I feel like I lose track of what I have and when to do it. I also bounce between classes, feeling stressed because there is so much. Do you think doing one class at a time is best? I also tend to save stuff sometimes so I have a lot of work build up with tests on the same days. I am not sure how to stop procrastinating.
text:Yes, stick to one subject at a time. For example, if you think 1/2 hour is good enough to study, then stick to that. When done, your done until the next time it is on your schedule.	labels:Ok. Thank you so much for the ideas. It seems like you have had similar experiences with stress from school.
text:Procrastination never makes us feel good. If I keep putting something off, I then feel guilty. If I make a goal, and I reach it, I can put a reward. For example, if you study 3 subjects 1/2 hour each, you can go out for yogurt with a friend. So you reward yourself for sticking to that goal. Yes, I did. lol I'm really old now. This technique I use in all my life. Even house chores, I break it down into a schedule, put it in writing, then check off what I do. Then I feel good about my accomplishments.	labels:Yes, that was my other question to you. It sounds great to just do a little time for each class but I often get overwhelmed and need a break. I have never used check lists or planners. I think it is part of how I get overwhelmed maybe.
text:Definitely you need a break, so schedule them as rewards. You can even do 15 minutes in say 4 subjects, then take a walk, take a cup of tea, or call a friend, then back to the books.. Keep it as SIMPLE as possible, don't get bogged down. I used to think planning was TERRIBLE< but actually, it sets one FREE. You feel so much better and accomplished when you see how much you have done. It really is amazing. HOw man classes do you have? many *	labels:I have 6 classes.
text:That's a lot but it is totally doable. Here is a good example, If you plant seeds in a garden today, you have to weed it a bit tomorrow, the next day, the next day, you have to wait for rain, then weed some more, the harvest comes and YAY! You are happy. But if you lie on your bed, never planting, never weeding, you procrastinate, you get nothing. If you write your classes down and then write a reasonable time to study each one. Maybe 3 today, 3 tomorrow, then add rewards if you do that, maybe make a list of rewards, so you can pick and choose, then you check off when you do the subject.  Like a chore chart..	labels:Yes haha. That is a good comparison. You have been super helpful. I will for sure try to use your advice. Thank you! Have a great day and thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How can I encourage you today? Hello? Anyone there?	labels:Hi sorry. I'm having trouble getting motivated to finish my senior thesis.
text:Ah! I remember my thesis, a lot of work. One thing for certain, I have a lot of pride over my accomplishment, it was well worth it. When is it due?	labels:In about a month.
text:I'm sure you will be able to finish it, sometimes we find ourselves in a slump and need some fresh air blown our way.. Do you have an advisor who is holding you accountable?	labels:Yes, but I've been really bad about keeping her in the loop. I feel bad when I fall behind, and then I'm fearful of getting back in touch with her.
text:Whenever I have a large project and lose motivation, I set my goals on paper, then break it down into smaller bites. For example, I will make sure I work one hour on certain days, or call a friend, I generate ideas to keep me on track. Yes, I sometimes feel guilty and then don't want to face the music, but actually the best thing to do is recognize you are NOT the first person she knows that got behind. So she is surely experienced with people who need some encouragement. She is the BEST person to go to, actually.	labels:That sounds like a good idea regarding putting it down on paper.
text:It has always helped me. For example, you can break it down into 4 weeks, then each week write your goals -- maybe put call Advisor or go stop by every week, but I would put that first for the first week. Then as you check off items, you will see you are moving, even if at a snail's pace, you are moving, and that always encourages me. Sometimes I do not realize how much I AM doing, until I see it on paper. Paper doesn't lie, but my emotions sometimes cloud my thinking.	labels:My other problem is that I'm a perfectionist. I tend to over-analyze and get bogged down, especially when doing research.
text:Another idea is rewards, when you finish one goal, perhaps put a reward for yourself,  a yogurt with sprinkles or something like that. You sound like me! I had to learn that I need to strive for EXCELLENCE, not perfection. Perfection will drain us. Do the best I can, leave the rest to God.. That is why a time line is good. For example, you make a goal that you will work on your reference and citation page for one hour, after that, you are DONE, If you have time at the end, you can revisit it. The hour is my suggestion, you make your own. lol THAT way, you don't get caught going on and on for 6 hours to make it perfect. One hour is reasonable..	labels:That definitely sounds reasonable. Putting micro deadlines in might be what I need to do to keep me focused.
text:I do this with EVERYTHING in life because I tend to go on and on too focused and lose track of everything. lol For example, I clean each room for 15 minutes a week. If it needs more, I do more, but I set the timer and you would be surprised how well that works, otherwise, I will spend all my time perfecting one room and the rest is a mess. Also, your Advisor will know tips to help you too. She has advised a lot of people, her objectivity and experience can give get RIGHT to the heart of any problem, quickly too.	labels:My advisor is a tough woman, I'm not going to beat around the bush. She tends to make everything miserable.
text:Tough advisors are TOUGH. lol But You sound intelligent and you obviously WANT to do this, it is a goal of yours, I'm sure you can take it!.	labels:I'll try to keep that in mind. It's something I do feel like I need to finish for my own sake.
text:It is only one more month of your life. If you buckle down, it will be over and done with before you know it. And I assure you, you will look back in pride at your accomplishments!	labels:That sounds like a wonderful feeling. But so far away.
text:My Graduation Day was amazing.  This is what life is about, working NOW for rewards later. It's like a garden, you sow, you weed, you wait for rain and weed some more. You keep waiting and weeding, then later harvest come. It takes time to work a little each day, then time passes whether you lay on your bed or whether you are in the garden working. If you lay on your bed, you get nothing, if you work a little every day, in time, you reap rewards..	labels:That's a very poetic way of putting it.
text:Not much in life is easy or free, if we keep working little by little, as time passes, you real a lot of rewards, in fact, you will reap rewards of finishing this thesis for YEARS even decades. It is a great goal and a worthy one to keep at..	labels:I'll keep that in mind as I move forward. I really appreciate your help.
text:I commend you for doing the thesis and I also know it can get weary as time passes, but with some goals on paper a visit to the ADVISOR (hee hee) will set you up right for continued success.. You are very welcome. Have a blessed evening!!.	labels:Thanks, you too!	episode_done:True
text:Good evening, how are you feeling today?.	labels:I am feeling okay I am kind of stressed. How are you?
text:I am sorry, I gather life is not going well for you right now? Would you like to talk about it?.	labels:Yes I would.
text:I am more than happy to listen and to help if I can. I do know how bad things can get at this time of year..	labels:I am sad and even depressed about my life at the moment its hard to find a job and I am scared to open myself up to this guy I met.
text:Let's take things one at a time .. have you lost your job recently?.	labels:No. it is hard finding one.
text:Yes, I can understand that jobs are very hard to come by right now.	labels:Yes they are but I at least have friends to talk to for help.
text:Well that is one positive thing. Can you tell me a little about the guy you are afraid to open up to?.	labels:Well I met him on a dating site and he lives in France but he is also turkish i dont know much about turkish men but he says he loves me and he sees something with me but i barely know we only talking for few weeks now.
text:Well, I would recommend not taking things too quickly but relationships online CAN work - I met my fiance of ten years online..	labels:oh that is wonderful.
text:But we did take it very slowly and talked for a year before we met in person..	labels:i told him i dont want to rush things he fine with taking things slow but he does want me to take a chance with him. im 23 and he is 27 he is a positive sweet guy currently he is battling covid.
text:Well, if he is reliable then he will be happy to wait till you are ready to meet. Where do you live, do you mind me asking?.	labels:I live in America and he live in France.
text:Ah well definitely do not contemplate meeting him whilst the pandemic is on! But it might be  good excuse to put things off for a bit, do you think?.	labels:I would not be comfortable going to france during a pandemic I want to wait until everyone gets vaccinated first.
text:I do think that it might be a while before travel in Europe fully opens up again. Things are not good here..	labels:u live in europe?
text:I am in the UK. The pandemic is very bad here at the moment..	labels:yeah I heard it is another strain there.
text:Two more! It's very scary and I don't recommend coming either here or continental Europe right now..	labels:he understands that im not meeting him no time soon but when the pandemic is over I do not know if I should continue to pursue him or not. I dont even have a passport and i care about my health and others im not traveling for a long time.
text:So, I hear you saying that you are a bit wary of the relationship and do not know if it can work in the real world?.	labels:Yes because I do not have experience with Turkish men and I am scared of him being controlling and abusive I guess its due to sterotypes i read about and heard.
text:Turkish people are lovely and welcoming - you should not worry about that :). But don't let yourself be pushed into anything you don't feel ready for.	labels:Yes I agree with u have u met any turkish people?
text:Yes I know a few Turkish people. They're very nice people, don't listen to any stereotypes!.	labels:I think its also due to me being hurt before but scared of trying something new giving a new person a chance I have major trust issues.
text:I do understand how trying new things can be very difficult - this is something that I struggle with myself. But - if you don't take a chance, how can you know what might have happened?.	labels:Yes I agree with u there.
text:I really hope that I have been able to reassure you a little bit and help you to try to think things through. I wish you a very happy holiday season!.	labels:thank you so much and happy christmas eve:)	episode_done:True
text:hellohow are you today.	labels:Not great. I'm feeling pretty down in the dumps.
text:Im sorry to hear that. how can I help.	labels:I'm not sure how, exactly. I'm dealing with repeated rejections.
text:That is always tough especially during this time of year and been there myself. What type of rejection  are you experiencing.	labels:Romantic rejection. It seems like every time I make an effort, it's immediately shot down.
text:I hate to ask you this but are you male or female?	labels:Male. Why do you ask?
text:I ask it changes the perception on how I may help you because male and females deal with things differently.	labels:Fair enough. What do you suggest I try?
text:I am going to ask you a few questions if OK i don't want to sound like i am prying.	labels:That's fine. I'm open to discussion.
text:OK do yo live in a rural or city, are you into male females or the like?	labels:I'm in a rural area, and I'm interested in women.
text:I too live in a rural area understand the complexities of tying to find someone. So my next question where looking to find that special connection.	labels:I've had to resort to online dating and such as there are few opportunities to meet people in person.
text:I understand doing that I have tried it myself and trying to find that connection is few and far between. What sites have you tried using?	labels:Basically all of the ones you would expect. How would you suggest meeting people in person?
text:Well It would depend on if you were religious I  would suggest church functions for example. I use my hobbies like pool and darts and cards and join groups that creates some common ground.	labels:That sounds like a good idea. Do you attend meetups?
text:I have and i usually take someone i  trust with me and if it doesnt feel right I leave.	labels:That's good advice. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you at the moment? My name is Jo.	labels:I am doing okay I suppose.. How are you??
text:I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about today?.	labels:Yes. I had to throw out my sister the other day and Im kind of upset over it.
text:I am sorry to hear that. What precipitated that, had you been having problems for a while?.	labels:She was in a psych ward for a while and when it was time to discharge her, my mother didnt want her back. She was going to send her to a foster home so I volunteered to take her in. Since then, she has stopped taking her medication and is acting out.
text:Ah, so you feel as though your mother could and should have helped and you were put into an impossible position you were not prepared for?.	labels:Pretty much.
text:I can sympathise with you having siblings with extreme mental health problems - I have been there too and I know how difficult it is..	labels:I tried to have  my mother take her back, but she still didnt want her there. So I sent her to my grandmothers and she turned that side of the family against me.
text:Mentally ill people can unfortunately sometimes be manipulative, though they do not mean it. Have you had any contact with her since?.	labels:Only once and she was just telling me that I was a horrible person. This all started over her stopping her meds and then I asked her to clean her room.
text:That sounds very toxic. Is it possible to persuade her to seek medical help? I realise she might be reluctant to.	labels:We have tried to get her into therapy again. But, COVID put a block on that. I suggested that she go back to the ward and maybe be placed into a group home.
text:Ah yes, it is a terrible time at the moment isn't it? I think a lot of people are not getting the medical help that they need because of the virus. Please do not beat yourself up over this - it does sound as though you have done absolutely everything you could to help..	labels:I would hate to see that happen, but Im at my wits end.
text:I can tell that you feel really bad about this just from your  tone of voice. Please remember that you can't fix everything in the world..	labels:Now my dads side of the family hates me because they say Im "mean to her". All I asked her to do was to clean her room and maybe socialize every once in a while. Im more mad than sad.
text:Socialising can be hard for people with mental health problems. It might have been best if you did not press her too hard to do that though I know you did not realise..	labels:I understand, but I think it would have better than sitting in a dark room all day.
text:Does she suffer from depression also? That might account for her trying to shut herself away.	labels:Yes, but she denies it whole heartedly. This is why she was taking medication.
text:I understand that it can be very difficult to make people take medication if they refuse to recognise that they have a problem..	labels:I just wish she could she what I see...
text:Unfortunately that is not likely to be possible. All you can do is be kind to yourself and know that you really did try to help her.	labels:I was afraid she was going to ruin my family with her attitudes.
text:I hope that I have been able to help a little. I really appreciate that you felt that you could open up to me.	labels:Thank you. I feel better being able to rant to someone.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Is there anything that you want to talk about today?.	labels:I need someone to talk to, I am sad.
text:I am really sorry to her that. I hope that I can help you a little. Would you tell me what the problem is?.	labels:I really love my wife, but I also like other women.
text:Ah - so I hear you saying you are tempted to be unfaithful to your marriage vows?.	labels:Yes.  I tried to see if she would let me sleep with other women from the Internet, and she is not allowing it.
text:Well I must say that as a woman I would not allow it either ;).	labels:Yes I would agree with that.  I guess I wanted my cake and be able to eat it too.
text:It does sound like it. Are there any other problems in your marriage that might be making you unhappy or is it generally okay and you just want someone else too?.	labels:I am trying to get my wife to spice up our love-making and she is unwilling to do so, and that makes me super sad.
text:Have you considered getting some sort of marriage guidance counselling? There are people out there who might be able to help you both.	labels:Why would we need counseling to spice up a love life?  That should come naturally, is it hard for women to make that change?
text:I think it sounds as though you might be pushing her into things she is not ready for though. Have you considered that you might be the problem?.	labels:That is what makes me sad, I know I am the problem.  I am a piece of trash, she is way better than me.    I hate myself.
text:No, I do not think you should say that! At least you recognise that you are not behaving well, which is the first step on the road to making things better..	labels:Maybe I have a sex addiction.  I think I watch too much pornography and it gives me weird ideas for sex.
text:Perhaps you could consider individual counselling to overcome your own problems before you think of couples' therapy?. Porn can be helpful for a relationship but it can also be damaging..	labels:Just for me?  I hope I get a male counselor because if it was a female one, I would probably want to sleep with her.
text:Well, perhaps it would be better for you to learn that you can't just do that even though you want to :).	labels:Yes, I can't control my impulses.  I am picturing what you look like now and imagining what we would do together.  I think I have a big problem.
text:I am forty five, fat and married :). I do recommend talking to someone though..	labels:I am forty one, fat and married.  I actually prefer heavier ladies, but I get your point.  :)
text:I am glad you were able to confide a little in me and hope it is the first step on the road to a happier marriage. I do recommend not giving into your urges and remembering how much you love your wife. I wish you all the best for the future and have a lovely Christmas!.	labels:Thanks, you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hello.
text:How are you today?	labels:I am okay I guess, I am really stressed and not sure how to handle it.
text:Im sorry to hear that you are stressed. Would you like to talk about it?	labels:Yes, I am not sure who to tell.
text:Well as a neutral individual i would be willing to listen to your concerns and or stressors. It can help to be able to vent to someone without judgement.	labels:Ok thank you. I have a lot of homework and housework, and especially during these difficult times it is hard to get support and feel like I am improving in life. It is really stressful and hard to plan out all the things I have to do, and sometimes I get a headache just thinking of it all.
text:I see, it must feel like a lot of pressure to get so much done during an already hectic season..	labels:Yes, and not being able to meet friends or go out much makes it hard to get all my emotions out.
text:Well first off that is normal to feel that way. I think most of us do but just don't speak up about it. Also being away from your friends and family can cause feelings of doubt because you may not feel like you have trusted ones to lean on.However. You should try to take some time out of each day to instead of question yourself to congratulate yourself, because you are doing tough things on your own but hey youre DOING IT!.	labels:Do you have any tips on how to deal with headaches or being overly stressed or anxious?
text:For anxiety and stress i would sugesst taking time out away from all your chores and tasks and just be to yourself. What is something you enjoy? May a cup of tea or an episode of the office. You always have to take a moment for yourself.	labels:So something like going for a run, or watching a funny movie?
text:Meditation, yoga, a warm bath these things can also be soothing as well. SOmetimes using kinectic energy up can help as well like going for a brisk walk to burn off the adrenaline that causes anxiety.	labels:Thank you for the ideas. But what if you get so stressed you can't really think of anything else?
text:Yes! Heck go all out and do both is you have a treadmill ha ha ! do what makes YOU happy even if just for a moment. IF your stress has become that high, then you go ahead and aknowledge the anxiety that is flowing through you. Give it you attention and close your eyes and start to ask yourself what is the root of what is scaring me. What is the official thoing i am afrad of or worried about. When our thoughts begin to race its hard to focus and we make mistakes and that adds to the stress..	labels:Thank you so much, your advice will be really helpful!
text:Would you like any links to a webpage or group that may also have tips or advice?	labels:I think it is fine, but thank you so much for giving me tips.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you.	labels:Not doing well.  I cant believe my girlfriend dump me for someone else.
text:Oh no, how long had you been together?	labels:we were together for 2 years.  It was such a surprise when she sprung this on me.
text:Wow, that's horrible. How do you feel about it?	labels:I feel lost.  I'm so used to her being around everyday. Now I don't know what to do with myself without her.
text:I understand, I was with my wife for 4 years before she up and left without saying a word. That can be a hard thing to go through especially this time of year.	labels:Not only that, but with Covid going on I have noone i can see to talk about it.
text:Do you have any family?	labels:Yes, i do, but they are far away.
text:Friends closeby? Hobbies? What kind of work do you do?	labels:I do have friends, who are also friends with her. However they have families and do not visit prople because of covid. I don't have any true hobbies. I don't think they will fill the void anyways.
text:Well you know, I have found sometimes that we need time to ourselves in order to fully understand how we need to grow.	labels:I do software development, but its a work at home situation.  So i have been just by myself for the last week, and its driving me crazy.  All i do is think about why she would do that. I've had time to myself but its not getting any better.
text:I have always tried to think of things in a positive way. This way even when something really bad happens, it doesn't seem so bad as to overwhelm us from recovering.	labels:What positive are there here?
text:I'm actually trying to get into the Software Development field, how do you like it? Well, there is plenty of opportunity out there. Not too mention, being in that profession, you probably aren't hurting for money.	labels:It's ok. pays the bills. But my job is pretty independent.  so i don't even get to meet new people.  I am usually home, while she was always out of the house during the day.
text:You can use that stress that has been building up to find a new outlet for the stress.	labels:what, you want to break stuff to relieve stress.
text:I completely understand. My wife used to think I was just playing on the computer all day, lol. I run. Every morning, I jog about 2 miles. It is awesome to get the blood going and a great way to start the day.	labels:That sound like something i could give a try.  any other seggestions?
text:I feel so much more relaxed after running and it seems that nothing can hurt me after that.	labels:Well, i'm going try going for a run right now.  Thanks for the suggestion.  I'll see if that helps.
text:I do know how a programming job can take away from some social aspects of your life, maybe try and go to a bar, or somewhere social to get out some. No problem, I hope I have helped you some. Happy Holidays!	labels:Appreciate the talk, and suggestions.  I'll give it a try.  Have a great night.	episode_done:True
text:Well, it has been a hard week. My wife decided to separate from me with the two klids.\nWhats been going on? Oh no, that's not good.	labels:I am disgusted....just like President Donald Trump is with the $600 dollar stimulus checks.
text:Ain't that the truth..	labels:It just isn't my fault. My wife had no right to leave California without me. I made a mistake making California my home.
text:I'm sure it isn't, how long had you been together? California is beautiful I know, but it can also be pretty quick paced.	labels:We were together 10 years.  I am just disgusted that it had to happen at this point. Christmas week, of all weeks.
text:Are you still working?	labels:I am still working right now.  Luckily, California has plenty of money for bureacrats lie myself. I contributed to the marriage for sure. I love my wife and my great kids.
text:It's important that you know that you can feel whatever way you need to about your loss. Its a tough time of year for something like that. Had things been pretty rocky?	labels:Things like this were sudden.  I mean, I never expected her to up and walk out with the kids. The only thing I can think of was that California was getting too expensive and the homeless were taking over LA; that may have spooked her to leave the state.
text:Wow, that's horrible. It seems you should have some kind of legal authority in that aspect. Is that a big problem out there?	labels:I really don't have any discourse.  The kids are almost 18.  They are twins. Yeah, in her eyes, she seems fed up with the state. She left me for Texas, the state, not the person. I mean, she never mentioned loving, "Text," but the kids are bing into the Dallas Cowboys.
text:It is important that you understand that it seems that she has been thinking of this for a while..	labels:I overhead her say that Texas is a free state and my twin boys do love the Dallas Cowboy's team.
text:Does she have family there?	labels:Yes, she does. Both her parents live in Laredo.....big spread, too.
text:Have you spoken with her since she left?	labels:Well, she left two days ago.  I came home and the furniture and my widescreen TV were all gone. We lived in a small apartment in LA.
text:That's mid-boggling..	labels:I am D-I-S-G-U-S-T-E-D to the Nth degree.
text:Do you have any hobbies?	labels:Any help to get her to come back would help. My hobbies are on hold.....I need to get "un-disgusted" first.
text:Well, I can't make her come back, but I can provide you with some information on how to get through these tough times.	labels:ok. I am all ears.....
text:I understand, it can be good to help get some stress out in other ways. Do you excercise? What kind of hobbies do you have?	labels:I have a gym membership....if they are even open with the COVID-19. Maybe I can just jog or speed walk every day.  Perhaps pushups can help?
text:I like to run every morning, and it seems to help make alot of stress evaporate.	labels:Oh, that may just help me relax and think about other things besides my wifey and twin kiddos. Well, your input has helped.
text:I have found for me anyway, that running is an amazing stress reliever.	labels:I will mull your insights over.  Good bye.	episode_done:True
text:I still see him from time to time online, but I don't know why he just dropped me.\nWho do you see online? What did he drop on you?	labels:I occasionally see the guy that I was dating online, and it makes me feel sad all over again. He dropped our relationship..
text:Can you block notifications for him? How long ago did he stop it?	labels:I thought seriously about that, but for some stupid reason, I keep thinking, "What if he comes to his senses and wants to contact me?" A couple months ago, but I haven't gotten over him.
text:If you block him and he wants to get in touch, he will find a way.  Make him work hard.	labels:You really think playing hard to get will work?
text:I think if he is interested still it will, if not his loss.	labels:Thanks for saying that, but I still have the problem of wanting to be in a relationship.
text:With him, or a relationship with someone?	labels:With him... he was perfect (or at least I thought), but also, I'm lonely, and it's hard to process not being in a relationship during the pandemic.
text:Have you tried making other connections online? A lot of people are home during this pandemic, you may meet someone much better.	labels:True. What can I do to get over him in the meantime?
text:Keep busy! Get mad instead of sad!. I would not contact him if he was not contacting me.  You deserve better than that!	labels:Lol. I think I can do that!
text:Yes, we women function better when we get pissed!	labels:You're right. What do I do if he contacts me again? Do I let the conversation play out and see what happens?
text:Play it cool and be ready to make up a whole bunch of fun things you have been doing. .	labels:That's a good idea. I can do that.
text:Of course you can!. You may find your feelings have changed.  Sometimes we just want what we don't have, lol.	labels:That's also true. Thanks, I will try that!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, what can I do to help you?	labels:I am having such a hard time because Mom does not deserve this. I wanted her to grow old in love and happy. Now, it's over. I am just so very sad for her.hello. hi.
text:hi. Thanks for your sharing and sorry to hear about that.	labels:Ty. Death is so hard. How would you deal?
text:I felt the same way as you when your closed family members pass away. I would share my feeling with someone that I felt closed or some family members or your spouse that you can share your feeling. Do you try to talk to anyone about your feeling? Or someone that close to you that you can share your feeling with?	labels:My husband is here. He is very afraid of the virus because of his COPD.  He i afraid to talk about the virus. I just moved to this town where there are not so many people because of thi.
text:Maybe try to talk about something that he is very interesting and help him away of focusing on COVID.	labels:I have not really met anyone like a friend but I do Zoom daily with family at home. I do pray alot.
text:That is very good that you share with your family and pray if that helps you to relax.	labels:I workout to relieve the stress.
text:And I felt the same way that COVID time is difficult to all of us.	labels:I am also in the healthcare field but work at home. I am one of the fortunate office workers who can do this.
text:Very good! Workout is another way to relief your stress.	labels:I'm so glad there is a vaccine now.
text:That is very nice. We are all hoping vaccine can relief us from anxieties.. Sounds like you were doing very well of handling the situation. Please keep it up and always be mindful of sharing with you and your family.	labels:It just sucked her husband passed when there is a vaccine now. Must be heart wrenching for her. I feel like I want to call her now.
text:And you should do that to share if that you believe that helps both of you to go through this difficult time.	labels:I think a pet would help her so I got her one for Christmas. She loves dogs and her passed away 6 months ago. I know she loved her girl so I hope this new puppy will bring her out of the fog she is in.
text:Wonderful! Pet can bring joyful moments to us and glad you done it for helping.	labels:Thank you for your support and listening ear!
text:Thank you for your sharing. We are all together to overcome this difficulty! Is there anything that you would like to share or concerns with?	labels:Much love to you and stay safe! You were great!;) Have an awesome day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you?	labels:I'm okay but I've been better.
text:I hope you are having a good Christmas Eve! Are you feeling down about something?	labels:Thanks! I hope you are too. Yes. I feel like I have to change my plans for my career when I thought I had everything figured out and it feels really depressing.
text:I actually understand that feeling a lot. I had to switch careers really recently.. Do you like the new path you've chosen for yourself?.	labels:I actually haven't chosen yet. I feel overwhelmed with options and I'm lacking direction..
text:Okay thats completely normal!. What are your interests/what do you like to do? Thats a good starting question.	labels:Maybe another path involving animals. Either that, or something geared more toward counselling for humans, which is actually what I was interested in a long time before I decided on the veterinary route.
text:Okay! Well thats a good start I would continue looking in that. . Also if you miss working animals, you can always volunteer in a pet store..	labels:Okay, I'll give it a shot. That's a great idea.
text:Do really like working with pets?	labels:I do. I have a dog and I love her very much and want to be prepared if anything were to happen to her.
text:Also if you want to go into counseling, I'd recommend trying to get some practical experience to see if you like it.. Oh sweet I've always wanted a dog!	labels:Yeah, mine is super awesome. She's a Presa Canario and just the sweetest and smartest.
text:Well it seems no matter what you can't go wrong. Do you want to talk about anything else?	labels:Nope, I think I'm good. Thank you so much and have a lovely day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hi thanks for chatting with me today.  I've been really down and could use someone to talk to.
text:Of course! What have been down about?.	labels:I always get sad around the holidays but this year has been so much worse because I'm spending the holidays alone.
text:Oh I'm sorry to hear that. I know being alone in the holidays can be rough..	labels:All I have to do is think about how alone I am.
text:Do you have any friends or people you can set up an online zoom call with?.	labels:I tried that but no one that I know is tech savvy that can make Zoom work.
text:Also I feel that as well. Especially now these days its a bit hard to not think about being alone. .	labels:I just keep thinking about all the bad things happening in the world right now.  If I had someone to spend time with I'm sure it would take my mind off of it but people aren't allowed to get together.
text:Oh how about just texting or having periodic phone calls with friends?. Yeah the pandemic has really stopped interactions. But that doesn't  mean you can't stop talking to people completely!	labels:I try that but everyone is busy with their families today.  I don't have a family so I'm all alone.
text:Oh I see I'm so sorry to hear that. Have you tried doing other activities to make your mind off it?	labels:I tried watching a movie but my mind starts to wander.
text:For me personally doing online gaming is a great way to interact with others and have fun..	labels:Maybe I'll try that.  Any game suggestions?
text:What type of movie were you trying to watch? Maybe choose a happier movie than a sad one..	labels:I was watching a comedy.  It's a movie I usually like but I just couldn't keep my mind from wandering.
text:I would recommend games like Heartstone for stragedy, WoW for more role playing and if your into sci-fi, Cyberpunk cam out recently.. Really any game that has multiplayer would be a good fit!	labels:I like strategy games.  They really make you think which helps distract you from what you don't want to think about!
text:Oh sweet me too actually! I definitely recommend heartstone or any game that has a battle mode form.	labels:Thanks!  I'm going to look into playing the game!  That might be just what I need to bring me out of this funk!
text:Also I know thats its currently the holidays so maybe take your mind off right now and ask your friends later if they can talk!	labels:Yes, I'm sure they'll have more free time after tomorrow!
text:I'm glad I can help! Is there anything else you would like to talk about>	labels:No, I'm ready to look into the game! No, thank you!  I'm ready to get going and look into playing the game you suggested!	episode_done:True
text:How are you?	labels:not good. i suffer to much of depression.
text:Whats going on?	labels:i loose my job and i miss my father because of this f**k covid-19.
text:Do you want to talk about it? We all have issues that arise that can make life tough for us.	labels:yes. yah i understand. But how much pain is i accept i loose my job within 5 days my dad is pasted away. i could not handle this situation.
text:Oh no, what kind of work do you do? I'm so sorry to hear about your father. Sometimes it seems that things can never get better, especially when we are in a tough situation. . Have you spoken to unemployment?	labels:I am a marketing head.. My organization take big decision against the head of the sales and marketing team they quite us and replace 3 new worker in the team.. nope. I am not in the mind because of my father. He is my every thing in the world. i am alone. nobody with me.
text:I am sure he was, again I'm sorry to hear about your loss. this time of year, it's is tough for something like that to happen. Do you have any other close family?	labels:i loose my mom 3 years ago on accident now my father also gone.
text:Friends to be with on Christmas? I'm so sorry to hear that.	labels:my uncle is here but he not care to me because he was not interested in family.
text:Maybe he just doesn't know how to deal with loss. Some people have a hard time if they aren't sure how to deal with it.	labels:i have 2 close friends.. They are now only my pain relief.
text:You two could possibly become stronger together trying to figure out how to deal with your loss. Was it his brother?	labels:yah. your right.. sorry friend. let introduce my self Jim roger from CA. what about you?
text:I understand, I have had to rely on other close people many times in my life. Friends are some of the greatest things. My name is Jason, I am from GA. I lived in Fremont, CA for a little while..	labels:Friends are always great... ok jason thanks to chat with me.
text:How is the weather today? No problem, I hope things get better for you. Happy Holidays!	labels:ohh. good. i was in Santa Monica.
text:Nice, the weather was always beautiful out there. I remember that. lol.	labels:yah.is very chil here.i was in holidays in more the 3 month. Because of no work.. Thanks for the chat friend. Happy holidays... Marry chrismas and Happy new year.	episode_done:True
text:Hey there, how's it going?\nI am doing good. How are you?	labels:I'm ok, I could be better. I'm trying to find a job currently.
text:What kind of jobs are you looking for?	labels:Anything involving my college degree. But when I do get to the interview stage, I feel like I don't know anything. I feel like an imposter.
text:Was it a phone interview or in-person interview?	labels:In-person.
text:so, you are good with initial assessment and phone interview, and get uncomfortable during in-person interview, is that correct?	labels:Yes, I stumble over my words, I tend to ramble, and I'm afraid I don't even answer the questions the way they are looking for.
text:Have you tried anything yet to overcome this challenge?	labels:I try to prep myself beforehand by having lines ready for the common questions asked. But I struggle with questions where they present scenarios to me.
text:There are several technics people use.. first one you can dress up as you are going for interview and practice talking in front of a mirror..	labels:I really like that suggestion, I will have to try it. Do you have any difficulties with interviews?
text:Not really, but I used one other technique. I asked my wife/gf to interview me. You know spouse or gf/bf would be very critical, and if you overcome him/her.. you would be very comfortable in front of the others.	labels:That makes a lot of sense, I'll have to ask my husband to interview me. I'm feeling a lot better about this now, thank you :) Did you ever feel silly or out of place when your wife would interview you?.
text:yes, making your self uncomfortable means you are learning.	labels:I have never thought about it like that. That makes a lot of sense, I'm going to keep that in mind in all aspects of my life.
text:Yes, this is make you over come the fear..	labels:Yeah, I do let fear take control of most of my decision making. That's something I can work on, too. Thank you bird-person.
text:Is there something else I can help you with? If not can you close the discussion?	labels:That is all.	episode_done:True
text:I cannot believe my Girl is breaking up with me.... I am very anxious about how to cope with my emotions. Can you IMAGINE?? Breaking up with ME?\njust stay calm.	labels:I am trying.
text:don't think too much, make yourself busy with other things.	labels:My girl of 5 years decided that "Brad from Accounting" is her guy. :( I need to stop the racing thoughts.... She just told me that she has had feelings for Brad for a long time....
text:how old is the guy.	labels:Now that Brad is divorced, she just jumped to the opportunity.  Ridiculous..... Brad? He is 40.
text:yes.	labels:Yeah...... I can't believe it was Brad..... My girlfriend is a real gold digger.... "Big Bucks Brad." What a fool I have been.
text:you just need to stop thinking about her. make a fresh start again.	labels:It is hard. I was looking at engagement rings..... She has only worked at the Firm for 3 years....
text:i would not consider someone who ditched me.	labels:Just because I am not a rich guy like Brad....
text:I understand your feelings but try to overcome them.	labels:I guess not buying that engagement ring was the right thing to do. Have you ever been dumped before by a partner?
text:yes, once.	labels:How hard was it for you? How did you cope? I have a lot of anxiety right now.
text:I was a student that time so focused on my studies. That's how I overcame that trauma.	labels:Oh, ok.  I am not a student.  I work in retail.
text:That was a big shock, I was in relationship for 3 years.	labels:Oh, wow. How did you handle anxiety? I am having some right now.
text:i would suggest to play games or try to connect with new people.	labels:Should I confront Brad at my ex-GF's workplace or start looking online for another partner? You think connecting with other people would work? Like a support group?
text:start looking for a new one because if she wanted to stay with you she would have never ditched you for Brad. yeah.	labels:Yeah, it was a long relationship. I should have lived together with her instead of being in different apartments. Well, she constantly told me that she loved me. . I never thought it would be Brad.....he is a geeky dude. I met him at my GF's last Christmas party, hosted uptown. Work Christmas Party, too.
text:its ok, things happen, if she was actually in love with you, she would not leave you just for being in a different apartment.	labels:Well, we lived in separate domiciles..... She said she wanted to get married about six months ago. I am not sure what happened. She just went on holiday with Brad, from what I heard through social media. I am a bit jittery right now.  I am going to taker some deep breaths. Well, your input has been helpful.  It was good talking to you. .	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing good. and you.
text:I'm doing alright, thank you. I'm here for you if you'd like to tell me about anything going on in your life.	labels:I  need money to celebrate xmas and new year on a big party. I friends and girl friend that I need to take out for this xmas.
text:A lot of people are in a tight bind right now with money... myself included.  Do you need money to buy presents?	labels:yes. and for party.
text:Where do you want to take your friends and girlfriend?	labels:around my town, Just to enjoy ourselves for this new year celebration. I am even bordered, I don't like to be broke.
text:That is very sweet of you. Is there a more affordable place you can take them?. That is very sweet of you. Is there a more affordable place you can take them?.	labels:they will not like those small places.
text:It doesn't feel good to not have enough money to do the things you could normally do, but I'm sure that the people around you will be understanding. Do you live somewhere hot or cold? Maybe you can plan something based on enjoying nature.	labels:yes oo,  you are right. cold.
text:It seems like you feel like you will be a disappointment to your loved ones if you can't provide a special holiday celebration for them, is that right?	labels:You know, it s a kind of tradition what you normally do every year, this year now, you refuse to do anything, think of how they will feel. yes, you are getting my point.
text:You might be surprised how your loved ones will react though. I think a lot of times it is more about the effort & time that you put into planning something. People will see the effort that you make, you seem very sweet.	labels:I need a means to get instant money to hold the party.
text:How big of a party will it be?	labels:neutral party of 1000 dollars.
text:That seems like a lot of money to get quick, what part of the party will cost the most money?	labels:We normally hold a club party.
text:Maybe this year you could have a party in your home? And cook a lot of delicious food & ask people to bring their own drinks.	labels:or may be I should borrow money and refund it later ,afte  the year celebration.
text:It sounds like you have to decide whether the party is important enough to borrow money for. Its been such a  hard year for everyone, that a party could be good to raise everyone's spirits. However it could make your financial situation worse.	labels:okay. I will look for a way  out, if no means , I will do a parlor party as u said. thanks for your time. bye.
text:Don't be afraid to ask the people you love for help! Bye.	labels:okay.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhi. how is your side? Please  how may I be of help.	labels:I would just like someone to talk to, very reserved because of covid.
text:I could see that you are indoor and bored because of the pandemic season.	labels:yes very lonely and no one to talk to, world is so scary.
text:everyone says  so, life is in circle,  you just need to keep on pushing it simultaneously.	labels:i try very hard but I don't know how much longer i can take it.
text:do you have any hobby? that you can  use to wipe away time.	labels:i like to watch soccer and basketball.
text:I was once in that situation, but what helped me is that, I never give up, though I may be overwhelmed with the challenges and unpalatable situations ..... I keep on pressing it,	labels:I will keep trying to make people proud.
text:I am a lover of sport, just get use to it,  anytime you are down, take your phone and watch football or basket ball either on YouTube or any other means  .	labels:yes I will watch highlights and goals on YouTube very nice.
text:that is what you need. Winner never quit ! Life is not friendly at a time, but when you look at mirror and tell yourself that you will make it, by God's grace you will make it.	labels:yes thank u. yes I love God and Jesus.
text:Jesus is the son of God and the savior, by His grace, we shall win.	labels:Yes I always pray he makes everything better. I hope you have a very Merry Christmas may God bless u and your family.	episode_done:True
text:what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests.\nI'm sorry to hear that.  Studying for tests can be very stressful. Do you study by yourself or with someone?	labels:myself.
text:Do you have friends in your class you can plan a study group with?	labels:i recently moved to a new school.
text:It can be hard to make new friends in a new school. I'm sure the stress of being new isn't helping with the studying.	labels:yaaa.. correct.. i am trying to copeup.
text:Is there anyone at home that can help you study?	labels:my brother is helping now virtually.
text:That is awesome that you have support from your brother. .	labels:he is the only light in the dark.
text:What type of study strategies do you use?	labels:i usually try to follow the tutorials and do revisions.
text:Can you think of anything you can do, to help make your studying be more successful?	labels:i am currently clueless.. sad.
text:I understand that you are feeling defeated right now.  Is there anyone in your class you would feel comfortable reaching out to for help?  Maybe the instructer?	labels:there are few people i recently started friends with.
text:I'm glad you are making a few friends.  How would you feel about asking them to do a study group?	labels:thats the last hope i am having. thanks for the support.
text:You are welcome.  Have a wonderful day.	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Well, I have some bad news. I am going to lose my damn job! Can you please help??\nIm sorrtyIm here.	labels:Yes. I am in a crisis at my job.
text:why do you think you are going to lose your job.	labels:I have been told so. January 15th is my last day.
text:That's not a good spot to be in, I completely understand.	labels:I will get pay for the last two weeks of January, 2021.
text:That is horrible. Do you mind if I ask why?	labels:What do you suppose I do? Looks like the company has been hot hard by COVID-19 lockdowns.
text:How long have you been working there?	labels:I am very sad about this country and my work situation. For 5 years. I work in accounting.
text:I understand,  I have been in a similar situation recently. COVID-19 really has got us all down.	labels:What a great nation we live in.....a future 3rd world one. Yeah, but I was a good accountant.
text:WOW, I'm sure that is a big change for you...	labels:Yeah, I have not told my wife about it just yet.
text:I agree, this country has got some issues but we can get through them. Uh, oh, how do you think she will react?	labels:Yeah, I am not sure.  I better wait to break the news in 2021.
text:The good news is that we are on an incline for unemployment so there are a lot of opportunities out there.	labels:And I am not the only one who is losing my job. Seems that all of accounting is going to be getting the axe. It makes me sad....
text:You could maybe tell her at the very end of this year so you can start fresh for the new year. Do you have a resume?	labels:Plus, I have a 50 dollar a day spending habit on lottery tickets to one day hit it BIG. Yes, I have a resume that I have not updated just yet. I have a college education and a CPA to boot, but I need one lucky break in life.
text:Sometimes that will help to get a better perspective on things... taking some time away from everything in order to catch a breath.	labels:Maybe I can spend some quality time with my kids without them knowing I will be out of a job as of 01/15/2021. It is almost Christmas, too.
text:I hear ya, I feel like that quite a bit. Like if isn't one thing it's another. I'm sure your wife will understand how the economy has gotten and that she knows that it isn't your fault.	labels:Maybe, but we have a huge mortgage and two BMW's. We spend lavishly.... Plus, I spend 50 dollars a day on lotto.
text:Sometimes it's hard to see the other door opening when we run into tough times, but remember all the good times you have had. Those would not be good times if it were'nt for tough times..	labels:True, but the Office was my home away from home.  I need to figure out how to deal with my sadness.....
text:Well try and think of maybe only spending half of that on lottery, maybe that will help to conserve some money in these tough times. Do you have any hobbies?	labels:Yeah, that is a good point.  Should I change careers? I like to walk and do pushups on a regular basis; does that count??
text:I don't think a huge change like that is neccessary, maybe just looking into options. Unemployment and government help until something else comes up. That is an excellent way to help relieve some stress from our daily lives.	labels:Unemployment doesn't last forever; plus, I have pride in my work.  Americans are suppose to be strong.
text:Exercise also  releases endorphins that can make you feel happy.	labels:Any other suggestions? I was thinking about becoming an Uber and Lyft driver. The happiness wears off, however.
text:I like to hear that, I am a proud American myself..	labels:Well, thanks for your input.  I think this chat has been helpful.  I am a proud American! Good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:I'm really upset about a break up I just had with my boyfriend.
text:I am sorry, when did this happen?	labels:It happened two days ago.  I can't believe he led me on for almost a year knowing that I had two children and all of a sudden decided that he didn't want to deal with kids.
text:I can understand the pain you must feel and the betrayal, that is absolutely awful.	labels:I do.  I don't understand why he was fine with my kids for almost a  year and all of a sudden it changed.  I'm completely blindsided.
text:How are your children doing through this?	labels:They don't know yet.  I didn't want to upset them right before Christmas.
text:What a terrible thing for him to do. I agree with you not to upset them right before Christmas.	labels:I'm not really sure how to break it to them when I do finally tell them.
text:That is always a tough one. My suggestion is to not put him in a bad light since they do not have the angry feelings toward him that you do. Maybe tell them that he has made some choices in life that doesn't involve you, and unfortunately, we cannot control people and their feelings.	labels:That is a good idea.  That would be good so they don't think it has anything to do with them because I'd never want them to feel bad about it!
text:Exactly, that is a burden that children should never have to endure. They are always the innocent victims in our personal problems.	labels:Hopefully they don't ask me what choices he made and want details.
text:True! How old are they?	labels:They are 6 and 8 years old.
text:They should hopefully be young enough not to want details. Maybe if they ask say he didn't give you details because he apparently doesn't know himself what he wants. You sound like a very caring mother who wants the very best for her children.	labels:thank you! Knowing someone thinks I'm a good mother makes me feel a little better about the situation!
text:I have a daughter and we have went through something similar in the past so I can relate. The truth is, I have found over time that it is our children who get us through these tough time.	labels:Yes, seeing their faces tomorrow when they open presents will help get me through this sad time!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello there, how are you?	labels:Kind of angry and disappointed.
text:I'm very sorry to hear that, did something not go as planned recently?	labels:My friend created a group chat for planning activities and did not include me. She included people who are closer to me than to her. Almost like she is trying to steal my friends.
text:I see. So when she did this, it gave you the feeling of almost being replaced or abandoned by your own social circle?	labels:In a way. I was disappointed by the rest of them but mostly angry at her. It almost feels like she wants to be the leader of the group and feels like I am her competition.
text:It's definitely frustrating to feel that your support system could possibly become a source of stress and competition anxiety. Especially since it's where we're supposed to feel safe and unjudged.	labels:Exactly. They are supposed to be the people I can go to with my problems. Now I feel like they all had a secret which I wasn't privy to and it made me feel disconnected and untrusting towards them.
text:It sounds that you're a person who really does care about keeping the relationships they've invested in healthy and open. That care level can definitely cause natural anxiousness in situations like this, when the place you stand with them and what they're thinking suddenly feels uncertain.	labels:I am a bit of an idealist. I like for everyone to be in harmony, to be nice, supportive, caring, open and honest. I don't know how to move on from this.
text:Right, and there are endless possibilites the mind can create outside of ideal. But funnily enough, the imagination of an idealist that lets them visualize great things can also create equally strong fears before getting answers. And thankfully those fears can be addressed outside of the head where they're made. Have you tried reaching out to these friends  yourself and initiating your own plan with them since this group chat?	labels:I talked about it with one friend. He felt bad but what I couldn't understand why he was secretive about the chat too. If he thought we were close why hide stuff?
text:Right, it can seem a bit confusing since you naturally would expect to feel comfortable with so much between each other already.	labels:Do you think it is asking too much on my part?
text:On the contrary, I think you might not be allowing yourself to ask enough! Sometimes, the people who are closest to us can actually become even more anxious about how something might affect your feelings. It could be the case with him too.	labels:Sometimes I question if it is even worth talking to them about it. People often don't want to say what they really think. Instead they just say whatever to avoid confrontation..
text:Some people express themselves best through their actions. Have you tried suggesting a meeting for something you'd usually do to see if they're willing to hang out just as always?	labels:Oh I know they would. I don't hang out as much as they all do so that is probably why I wasn't included in the chat. But I didn't see the harm of me being in it even if I couldn't make it to most events. I guess it's the secrecy that bothers me. It makes me a bit paranoid about what else do they all know that I don't.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! I am here to listen! How are you feeling? Hello! I am here to listen! How are you feeling? *you.	labels:I'm very stressed.  Virtual school is so hard. I've never gotten bad grades before this year.
text:So you are having trouble with Virtual school being so hard and it's causing you stress, am I understanding correctly?	labels:Yes, that is correct.  I need to be in a classroom to really grasp the material, I think.
text:I remember being in your position. I know it's very hard and I am so sorry that you are stressed.	labels:I just want to quit school because I can't seem to do better.
text:I know you said you want to quit, but hang in there!.	labels:I wish I knew how long we would have to be virtual.  I don't think I can last another semester teaching myself from home.
text:It sounds like you have always done well with school, this virus has made it to where so many people are struggling. Just chatting with you, I can feel how stressed and anxious about it you are!	labels:Yes, I was always an honors student so this is a huge change for me.   I'm afraid it will reflect on my GPA forever.
text:I know that the situation with virtual learning is out of your control when it comes to how long it will last but is there anything you could do to relieve your stress while you are trying to learn things yourself?	labels:I tried exercise to see if that would help.  It hasn't really helped because the time I spend exercising I just think I could be studying.
text:When you start feeling stressed maybe you could try deep breathing for a few minutes to relax again. Or take a quick break and get some fresh air? Is there anything else that you do in any other situation that would normally help you relax?	labels:I could try deep breathing. Fresh air is hard because we're in the middle of a snow storm! I like to go to a spa when I'm really stressed.
text:Oh wow that would make things complicated! But yes the deep breathing would definitely help, I'm sure!	labels:I will try the deep breathing more often. .
text:Maybe you could reward yourself with a spa trip ever so often, since you enjoy it?.	labels:That's a good idea.  Maybe I could make it a reward for a good grade on a test.
text:Yes, please do! I am almost certain that could help you!	labels:I think it might too!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Feeling low today.\nThank you for reaching out. Tell me more about it..	labels:I've been remote working for the entire pandemic. At first, it was great. I didn't go into the office very often before, so I felt relief from feeling any obligation to do so. But now I wonder if I am presenting myself well if my clients and coworkers have so much less personal interaction.
text:yeah I agree. This pandemic has really been weighing on us. As it pertains to work, you feel like the lacking of personal interaction has distanced yourself and colleagues and you feel like there is an increasingly large barrier given the physical constraint?.	labels:Yes. I can be terse and maybe even come across as confrontational online. But when I interact in person, we share so more - body language, facial expressions, we don't have as much of a time constraint. I feel like a lot of my value may be overshadowed by unfavorable impressions.
text:Can you tell me more about your work responsibilities - is it of a customer service nature? It would help me understand your situation better. I can relate to words vs. the combination of facial expression, body language, etc. The single channel of communication has stripped a lot of meaning and value and has made performance a lot more difficult. The transition is challenging and the uncertainty of the future also adds to the stress.	labels:Yes, it is of customer service nature. I provide expertise and technical products. I often advise others who do not have the same level of knowledge. I have to convey ideas that may seem quite abstract. Challenging face-to-face, and I have fewer online tools to help share knowledge in a meaningful way.
text:Thank you for sharing that. I have a better understanding now.What you feel is very valid, and I am sure it is shared among a lot of people this year.. I am somewhat familiar with technical leadership. It requires a lot of mentoring and a level of comprehension of what others are doing..	labels:Thanks. It helps to know that I'm not alone. Most often, I work independently my work. Involves a lot of explaining and justification. Before we just all sat in the same room and worked together.
text:My current work is in the finance section. Prior to pandemic, the touch base with colleagues are rather pleasant. Now the workload has decreased and we are rigidly arranging for meetings in 30 minute time slots. It is challenging in a sense that it is harder to fill the gap.. yeah it is a classroom for us to learn to adapt to the new normal. I understand the removal of everyone being the same room and chat tools don't convey the meaning 100 percent..	labels:So, perhaps limiting meeting times can help the team focus on issues?
text:I would personally suggest more happy hours, in case you haven't already done so.	labels:Ah, something more casual?
text:Holiday care packages would also be a good common ground for folks to gather around over something that is not work.	labels:That's a great idea! I would love to get a care package, actually!
text:Yeah maybe also virtual meditation sessions can help concentration mind and body. It doesn't have to be hobbies of our own, but doing it as a team virtually can bring people together and boost morale..	labels:Thank you! I will suggest that my organization arrange these. We can even ask all the employees to showcase their hobbies, or some such. I will pass these suggestions on! Have a great holiday season!
text:That is good to hear. I am aware that the other team in my company all read a book called How to Be Antiracist. It can serve as both learning and bonding purposes.. I am glad that I can be of help. Thank you again for reaching out. Hope you adjust better to the changing norm next year and happy holidays..	labels:Thanks, good day!	episode_done:True
text:I need support to feel ok during the pandemic.\nHello.	labels:HI there.
text:What type of things are you worried about during the pandemic?	labels:That I may not find a job soon which is making me depressed.
text:So just to make sure I understand, you are anxious about possibly loosing your job due to the pandemic.	labels:I am not working at the moment, I am looking for a job but it has been really difficult to find one.
text:Have you looked into a hiring agency? They are great at helping find people jobs, especially in these hard times.	labels:I have but seems like there are no entry level jobs currently and also some employers have ceased hiring.
text:After interviews have you been following up to show interest again in the job?	labels:Yes I have emailed every employer where I was interviewed. Also I follow up with every hiring agency I have signed up to.
text:Have you networked with any previous co-workers? They might be able to help you find something as well,	labels:They all suggest to wait for a few months till things are bit normal. They also advice to keep trying.
text:Just from chatting with you for a few I can tell this is making you very anxious/	labels:Yes it indeed is.
text:I have also been worried recently about finding another job because of the pandemic, but I found that getting back into my hobbies has helped keep me distracted and get my mind off of it.	labels:It is very difficult to stay home doing nothing, it is very upsetting. I have started to paint which I have always enjoyed doing but again when I see others close me work and settled it makes me feel sad that I don't have a job.
text:I think painting more would be very helpful!	labels:I should try doing that, thanks.
text:No problem! If you have any other issues just chat in!	labels:No issues other than this at the moment. Have you found a new job?
text:I have! I went through hiring agencies and got one. It did take a while, but it was super helpful.	labels:Glad to hear, Congratulations!! Hope I find a job soon.
text:I know you will find something soon!	labels:Thanks!!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhell, sorry. How are you today?	labels:A little down. Kind of broke for Christmas.
text:I totally understand how you feel.	labels:Yeah, it's pretty tough because the year went really well until the summer. I was hoping for a strong close.
text:If you don't mind may I ask you a few question? Are you trying to find gigs?	labels:Yes but with the pandemic, people are just doing small work themselves instead of hiring out.
text:Sorry. I guess you have to change your plan so much..	labels:That's what I've been doing, but it's a lot of running in place trying to generate any income.
text:I meant you had to change your plan.	labels:Yes, and the changes I've made to the plan haven't lead to a whole lot more. One of those "painted myself into a corner" situations.
text:I am also looking for more gigs and because of Covid, I'm only looking online jobs.	labels:Like "work from home" style jobs?
text:yes just like this mturk.	labels:Hmm, maybe I can look into these type of jobs. I don't have a great computer but it could do for some stuff.
text:Jobs are super competitive these days. Have you thought about becoming a YouTuber or a live streamer?	labels:Yes, I've tried both of those. It's mostly luck based. You just have to hope that enough people get interested to make it work and a lot of wasted effort goes into self-promotion.
text:I believe after Covid is over more onsite jobs will be available. I hope you will be able to comfortably spend your days until then.	labels:I agree with that. I just hope. * I can make it until then.
text:Oh I see. I see you have made a lot of effort to get additional income. Wonderful, I believe you are a great worker when you work, whatever you do. You have passion and motivation..	labels:That is true, I am a hard worker, no matter the job.
text:I would brush up my resume, make it more noticeable, change your LinkedIn profile if you have one. So that future employer will be able to find you, such a great candidate..	labels:Hmmm, my resume could use some work, that is true.
text:About resume, one of my friends added his picture wearing a Trump tie on his resume  lol . I thought it was weird but whatever it makes it noticeable could help. Or you could start your own business as you have already tried as a YouTuber. I heard a lot of people starts their own because of Covid.	labels:I never thought about adding a picture to my resume, but it would help show that I'm a professional. I have ran my own business, doing custom woodworking for people. For now, I'd rather work for other people. Plus the whole being broke thing really restricts what I could do for a new business.
text:Me either, I had never seen a resume with a picture. Yes wear a nice suit and look good..	labels:I will try that.
text:Oh I see. Woodworking sounds cool! I would do the same and start my own business as a side at first.. It makes me want to lift my dumbells and get some muscles!!	labels:Well I think I'm going to go work on my resume and maybe buy some new tools.
text:I hope you'll find something perfect soon and enjoy your quiet Chrismas.	labels:Yes, thank you for the ideas. Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, how are you doing?\nHello, I am doing well. How are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing alright, I'm facing a lot of academic pressure from my program and I feel trapped.
text:Oh, it sounds like you are stressed from the academic pressure that you are facing right now?	labels:Yes, I have a lot of coursework but I have no help from from my advisors. A few of my peers feel the same way. Not sure what to do. I don't believe remote learning is helpful in a master program because the professor/advisor are not always available..
text:I see how this can be stressful for you and your fellow peers. Have you tried other steps besides the one's you tried before by contacting the professor?	labels:I tried, but the coursework is difficult and the other solution is tutorials on youtube but there is so much you can do on your own. Plus I have a job as well, so limited hours.
text:I can relate to this because it is hard to work and do school as well. I can tell it makes you feel concerned about your schooling and you want to do the best you can..	labels:I wish so, do your best and hope for the best I guess..
text:You are doing great I believe and really trying hard to do your schoolwork right.	labels:I just need to deal with the stress so it doesnt effect me.
text:Why do you think that might be?.	labels:I feel that the stress is effecting my sleep and my work, because I constantly worry. Any tips?
text:I would try to have a regular to set a goal for each day by stating to yourself today is a new day, remain focus on the task at hand, try not to worry about all tasks at once, and lastly try to find a relaxing sleep schedule that fits your needs.	labels:I see, I think making a schedule and breaking task into little ones will help complete them. I guess I will stress less.
text:Yes, It will be hard at first because you are not use to it, but once you get started your life will be so much more relaxing. Your stress level will become more less than what is was before. Also, You will be able to have a clearer mind to concentrate on your schoolwork more by having this new schedule..	labels:These message is really helpful and I will start doing what you have told me as soon as possible. I just want to live happily but thank you for this conversation..
text:I am glad to hear because you can do it. I believe in you. I am happy that this really help you and you are so very welcome..	labels:Thanks for the distressing tips and other tips as well, I wish a happy holiday. I do feel a lot better..	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello, Merry Christmas Eve.	labels:And to you. You doing alright?
text:How are you today? I am buried in cookie dough, lol, but happy and wwell.	labels:That sounds like a cozy scene :) I'm okay, but slightly worried about next year. My job is sort of tenuous and I have about a month to find a new role.
text:Yes it is nice. Are you doing anything festive today?	labels:No, nothing much. Same as always, on and off work, having a meal with the girlfriend, that sort. (It would help if this system shows us if one of us is typing..)
text:I understand that times are rough lately. Sounds like there is some time to figure it out, take full advantage of all the time you can. I hope it works out and a new position becomes available, I know your story is shared by many right now. What a crazy time we are in. yes it does, on top it says inputing.	labels:Ah fair, that's good to know. Yes, still it doesn't quite help that no matter how many CVs you submit, hit rates for jobs just don't go up.
text:what are cv's? I see, I am getting by by dping a billion a day lol. but there is other income, im not sure it would support me otherwise. Are there other lines of work you could look into?	labels:I get what you mean about other lines of work. I'm trained as an academic research associate and had to spend a few months last year working in an Amazon warehouse. I feel like I've wasted enough time outside of aimed-for career to go back to doing manual labour. *this year even..
text:well the title sounds legit, lol, but yes i see and understand. Did you do the trainging in the warehouse for the research job?	labels:No, completely unrelated jobs. It was more of a "really need a job right now" situation, and they were hiring quite unassumingly.
text:oh i see.. If this odd job tasks site exists maybe there a more related oppurtunites to get into that pay more. Or really, the green field is a good one to get into right now I think like solar companies and such. They are going to become more prevalent soon..	labels:Are you working in such a role? I doubt my qualifications translate THAT well haha.
text:I make a good case right so you might think I was but no, I am not I only wish to be. I wish to be much more than I am but ya know I work with what I can find to do. Id savd the world every day if zi could knowing my efforts were toowrads a good cause.. I always tell my other half, they might just take a chance and hire out of their skill zone if you have drive and interest in the field..	labels:I do like that idea. I might actually go and give that a shot and see what happens.
text:as we were told growing up the worst they could say is no,.	labels:True, but a lot of no's can take a toll on one's psyche.
text:yes for suredont go on like that for too long. any who my computer is going to die i want to finish befoe it does, it that ok?	labels:Sure, let's call it here. Have a good christmas.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I am so worried about losing my job.\nHello! How are you today? You are feeling anxious about the future?	labels:I am doing so-so. I just found out that my company was going to be using the new round of the paycheck protection from the stimulus to pay us. Now that didn't get afford and I think we will be laid off on Monday..
text:Ok. You are making some assumptions on information you have about your company. Remember that you may not know the whole story.. I, too, have made assumptions that affection my outlook and caused anxiety. My assumptions were often wrong..	labels:Well they sent out a email letting us know of the situation. SO I am also sure it is going to happen. I'm not sure how to let my family know..
text:Ok. Have you thought about a plan? When you tell your family, it may help to state your planned actions. This may help with feelings of uncertainty, both theirs and yours. When I have been in a similar situation, I started reaching out to my network of friends and coworkers before I was let go.	labels:Yea I just hate to do it today or tomorrow with it being Christmas. We do have a saving so that is good. But it will only last about 2 months..
text:I know. This is the worst time of year for this news. Surprisingly, it happens very often. Having 2 months of savings is FANTASTIC! More than most people..	labels:Yea. We have been saving snice the start of Covid. I knew this day would come it just hard at this time..
text:Do you anticipate any roadblocks to finding new employment in your industry? I understand your feelings. The holidays are a joyous time. No place for uncertainty.	labels:In my area yes. I can find some in bigger cities but I don't want to move. Yes Christmas is my families favorite time for sure.
text:Do you think that outlining a plan of action, and sharing that with your family will help turn this around a bit? Perhaps, think about as looking forward to a better opportunity in your future?	labels:Yes I am thinking on Sunday would be good and maybe by gods help we will have a stimulus deal..
text:The stimulus has helped a lot of people get through this tough time. Sounds like you will feel much more secure knowing that you will have some income, and not have to use your savings that you worked so hard for.	labels:Yes and that will allow me to keep working as well. Which I want to do. I love my job.
text:It's a wonderful thing to love your job. I love mine, as well, and would feel bad if it were put at risk.	labels:Thanks I'm so glad I was able to chat with you. I feel so much better already..
text:Your hard work and savings will get you through, no matter what happens or the gods decree. You have demonstrated that you can take care of yourself and your family.	labels:Thank you. So much for your help and kind words. You saved my Christmas spirt.
text:I can say that many friends of mine have found new jobs, most have left their old ones willingly for new opportunities. There are out there.	labels:I may start looking on Monday to see what's out there. Have a Merry Christmas!!
text:Consider making your plan of action, regardless of what happens with the stimulus. THis is an unprecedented time. There may be ways to...use it to your advantage. You, too. Thank you, and take care :-)	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I am so upset. It's ridiculous how things keep happening to people around me. I suppose my supporter is not here.\nhello how may I assist you today?	labels:I am just so upset. It's like things never get better.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I know how you feel..	labels:Yeah... My mom is in Mexico right now for some ex who got deported. Like come on. It's bad enough she sent money to him.
text:What have you tried in the past to turn things around?	labels:Hm. I tried moving on. And it just appears she gets worst.
text:So you are missing your mom?	labels:Not really... She just keeps asking me for mone. I gave her like 10k for the house she bought and she hasn't done anything back.
text:Oh I see my mom has also done this in the past. Sometimes I wonder who raised who?	labels:Yeah. I get that. She rented it to some guy and left before even getting some decent money. so now she is stranded in Mexico with some guy who can't even afford to get her back.
text:That is the worst. I ended up having to cut my mom out of my life.	labels:I wonder if I should do the same... My grand mother basically gave me a whole speech about how ashamed she is.
text:Sometimes it is for the best to set clear boundries.	labels:But who knows. Apparently my mom said she'll put the house in my name for all these things I did for her. Kind of annoying to be frank.
text:Is Grand mother ashamed of you or her daughter? I feel it should be her ashamed of her daughter.	labels:My grand mother is ashamed of her daughter. I am kind of left with a weird circumstance.
text:At least that is a good thing to come out of a bad situation.	labels:Only reason she has a house is because I helped. And if I leave it. Everyone in my family said I would be irresponsible to let my mom lose it.
text:I do not think that would have a reflection on you. It should only reflect on your mom.	labels:Yeah, they said they already know my mother is irresponsible. Instead they suggested I should provide extra financial security to myself or at least some future children. Grandma already is giving a home and 2 apartments but... I guess I am the only kid. Christ. My mom lost my om over 100k to be honest. It was crazy growing up to that.
text:It may be nice to have a bonus house for the future. But even that comes with headaches. In the end you have to do what is best for you..	labels:Yeah. I guess boundaries are good. I left her without much help to be honest but I guess just hearing it frustrates the crap out of me.
text:Or sell it now and pocket the money to recoup what was lost.	labels:I would but it isn't even my property. And mom needs a place to stay... sometimes I wonder if she just wants to be homeless.
text:So she is just talking circles and not accomplishing what she says?	labels:More like she keeps talking about doing something crazy like have a police chase. and how she doesn't care for anything.
text:Some people do choose that life to be free of responsibility. Have you had a talk with her about seeing a mental health professional, She may be having some issues that would benefit from care..	labels:I tried to baker act her after she tried to call the cops on me randomly. It ended up them asking dumb questions like if she knows what day it is. letting her free. somehow ending up with her getting herself hospitalized 2 weeks later for low hemoglobin.
text:Often police officers are not fully trained in helping mentally ill people, they only access if the person is a danger to themselves or others..	labels:yeah it sucks. Tried to get her on disability but they just denied her. She was brought up with bipolar depression before I was born. She said she just ran out the hospital.. I don't know how she is just getting the consequences of that now.
text:A good first step is taking her to your local mental health provider. Or ask at a major emergency room where this is located as sometimes the places are hard to find..	labels:That was about 30 years ago. Crazy they didn't stop her. Well I do feel better. Thinking about boundaries. It has been less stressful being so involved.
text:Without treatment she may just be getting worse. That is good to hear..	labels:I've heard she has a lawyer trying to straighten up the whole disability and treatment thing. My girlfriend just won't let me stay out of it. Saying my mom has no one and I would regret it if she just does something crazy.
text:That does make it difficult when a partner encourages you to engage in unhealthy behavior.	labels:Yeah. If it was up to me I would probably just be dead silent.
text:I suggest talking to your girlfriend about how it makes you feel when she insists you continue a relationship that causes so much pain..	labels:Yeah. That's a good point. Well I think the point about boundaries really stuck with me. I feel so much better now.
text:It was nice talking to you.	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, i am here to listen. How may i help you?.	labels:Hi.
text:How are you today?	labels:Not good.
text:I am sorry to hear you are not doing do good. Can you tell me how this feeling came about?	labels:I can't do anything correctly in my life. No one recongnize me. No one love me. I am in depression.
text:It seems as if you may have some doubt and may feel unwanted and because of this you feel sad. Does this sound correct?	labels:Yeah , i am in sad mood. Can you help me.
text:Yes.	labels:.good family and good friends too. But still i miss something.
text:I have been were you are right now and i know you may be hurting at the moment. What is ot you feel you may be missing? it*	labels:Do you have any feeling like me now are before.
text:You mentioned you feel sad and unloved but you have a good family. Do you feel as if you lack a good support systems within your family?	labels:My problem is i have a good job. But i want to follow my passion . I need my job at the same time i want to follow my passion. But my parents said don't quit my job.
text:No, not any more. I have to reflect on what was causes my feelings to be so negative and i corrected them.	labels:Yes you are correct.
text:From listening to you it seems as if you love your family and they also love and for sure want nothing but the best for you. The only thing is, is what's best for them seems like it is not best for you. What would you say? Hello?	labels:Yes you are correct. Please tell me a simple advice. Excuse me sorry for latereply.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I have been feeling very anxious and stressed recently.\nWhy have you been feeling stressed and anxious?	labels:I failed my first exam earlier this week and I have 2 more later on in this week. I am already disheartened about my first failure and I am scared that I will fail again.
text:I'm sure you tried your best on that test, as long as you study hard I believe you can ace those next 2 exams!	labels:I have been too stressed about my other exams, it's making it hard for me to focus on studying and I don't know what to do.
text:I've heard that meditation can help with stress and focus, maybe you could try meditating for a bit before you study?	labels:I have never tried meditating before, I have no idea where to start.
text:Meditation is essentially focussing on breathing, you could start by closing your eyes and slowly breathe in an out.	labels:I feel like a failure and I am scared my parents are going to be disappointed in me.
text:From what you're saying to me, I feel that you don't believe in yourself very much.	labels:I guess you are right, I need to believe in myself and my abilities more.. I just don't know how sometimes.
text:I've struggled with the same thing before, whenever I doubt myself I look back at all i've accomplished and look at myself in the mirror and tell myself that I can do it. It has worked well for me.	labels:What if I fail another exam this week? I need at least an 80% to pass my class, I am so worried.
text:Psychologies studies show that spacing out your studying and relearning helps you remember more information, you could try to section off your studying and then reviewing information before the exam!	labels:That seems like a good plan, hopefully I will be able to get the score I need to pass.
text:I'm sure you'll do your best and pass that exam with flying colors!	labels:Is there any other piece of advice you have for me before I get to studying again?
text:I have two actually! 1. Do not procrastinate as that will only cause you more stress and 2. Believe in yourself! I know you can do it, you should too!	labels:I appreciate you helping me, I am feeling much more confident!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling this evening?	labels:i've been feeling really depressed and lethargic lately. the holidays feel like all work and no joy this year...it is hard being away from family.
text:Can you explain to me more in depth what events are making you feel this way?	labels:the fact that there is a pandemic and travel is restricted, normally i would spend the holidays with my family but i will be alone this year. there is still a lot of work to do but it feels like there is nothing to look forward to.
text:I understand exactly how you feel since I am also unable to go fly out to see my family this Christmas. It sounds like you are very overwhelmed with the amount of work you have and having no break, correct?	labels:it has been such a long year, i am just ready for things to improve. it is hard not having the usual coping mechanisms of socializing with friends or going out. yes, that is part of it. the work wouldn't seem so bad if there was somethign to look forward to but every day feels the same.
text:When I start to feel alone and missing my family or friends, I usually like the plan a skype or group facetime session right after I get off of work.	labels:i have tried to use zoom and facetime but video chat gives me anxiety.
text:There are online resources to have some fun with friends too--many blogs suggest hosting a group game night or a shared movie night.	labels:that does sound a little better. the winter makes it worse too, all the days are so dark and cold.
text:I am sure with a bit of trial and error, hosting a movie or game night would be a breeze for you too!	labels:i wish that i could spend more time outside, over the summer and fall it helped to get more fresh air and exercise.
text:Having this winter sadness, especially around holiday times, may be a sign of seasonal depression..	labels:i do usually experience depression in the winter and around the holidays. but the pandemic has made it harder to cope.
text:I have had seasonal depression in the past, and going on nature hikes and bike rides has helped me a lot. Maybe spending less time inside your home and grabbing some fresh air can relieve some of that anxiety and stress.	labels:it hasn't been too cold to go out...now that the days will start getting longer maybe there will be more time to get outside.
text:Research shows that physical activity greatly reduces stress! It sounds like going out more would be very beneficial to you!	labels:yes, physical activity usually helps me, it has just been harder than normal to motivate myself. i normally depend on a routine and things have been disruptive lately.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is someone there?\nHello, my name is Jonathan. May I ask who I am speaking to today?	labels:Hi Jonathan, I'm Keri..
text:Hi Keri. How are you today?	labels:I'm feeling a little bit down today. I've been feeling a little bit down a lot lately..
text:Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. What do you think would be the cause of you feeling down lately?	labels:My ex-husband is moved in with his new girlfriend. They might get married..
text:Oh Keri, that must feel awful. Was it a recent separation between you two?	labels:He started dating a few months after we split up. I don't know if this is the only person he's dated but I think so. He really moved on quick.. Hi, are you still there?
text:Yeah I understand what you're going through. I was in a similar position not too long ago. I had a hard time wrapping my head around how fast my ex could move on from what we had. How does it make you feel that he's trying to start a new relationship so soon after yours?	labels:It makes me feel like he didn't learn anything from our relationship or like he thinks he's better than me because he has someone new and I don't. I'm trying to take some time and be alone and be okay with being alone, which is good I think, but sometimes I feel really really lonely too. Like maybe I won't ever find anyone..
text:That must feel really isolating. But working on yourself and becoming a better you is the only way to move on in a healthy manner. I think you're doing the right thing in waiting and learning to love yourself before you can open up and love another..	labels:Thank you! Exactly. But it is scary. I am guessing from your name that you identify as male (please forgive me if that is incorrect), so you might not understand what it feels like to be an older woman when your ex starts dating someone a lot younger. Men only get better and more desirable with age, not so for women..
text:I might not understand that particular aspect, but self worth is still self worth no matter the context. I'd say try not to pay any mind to what he's up to. The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence, but if you just focus on watering your grass (making yourself happy) then you'll have a much more fulfilling life..	labels:Haha, watering my own grass. That is a good way to put it. Thank you for talking to me for a few minutes. It makes me feel a little bit better to have someone agree that it is okay to spend time working on me, instead of thinking that it is sad or pathetic or an excuse. I really appreciate it..
text:Oh absolutely Keri. Thanks for opening up and sharing your experience and feelings with me for just a few minutes. It was great to talk to you..	labels:Have a good night, Jonathan. :-).
text:Happy Holidays Keri. Keep your head up!	labels:Happy holidays..	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how is this season treating you?.	labels:It's alright. Definitely not as cold as last year which is something to be slightly thankful for.
text:Well let's be grateful for small mercies :). How are you feeling in yourself though? Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I'm worried about grad school.
text:Ah I am sorry to hear that. Please try not to worry too much as it's a common worry to have. Do you want to tell me the details?.	labels:Sure. One of my classes is extremely difficult and the professor has not been responsive at all. The TA is kind enough to make time to help me with homework, but my grades are still not great. It makes me feel really dumb and undeserving to be in that class.
text:So you are feeling as though you are in the wrong place? Do you feel as though you might fail your class completely?.	labels:I want to be in the program, it's just that I feel like everyone is so much smarter than me and my performance in that class makes me question my admission into the programs sometimes. When I feel like this after submitting homework, I end up crying because I just want to do well. I enjoy this field, just not this  class in particular.. I'm afraid of failing, but I'm not sure if that should be a concern either. Over the past 3 years, no one has gotten a grade lower than a B..
text:But do you really think that you would have been admitted to the class if you were not up to the standard? Do you think that maybe most of your classmates are secretly feeling the same?.	labels:Sometimes I think about that. At the same time, I feel like it's unfair to compare myself to others..
text:This sounds like it might be a self esteem issue and not about your grades. I have felt this sort of thing myself and I do know how awful it is to be so hard on yourself..	labels:So what do I do about it? I don't want to keep feeling like this.
text:Have you thought about seeing a therapist? Does your school have any free therapy programmes you could use?.	labels:I don't think my school has free therapy programs. I have thought about seeing a therapist but I've heard therapy is very expensive.With student loans, I didn't really put much more research into therapy past hearing about the costs.
text:A far as I am aware there are charitable organisations which can arrange a few free therapy session for you. Perhaps you could talk to your doctor about it?. I have had free therapy sessions before and I found them very helpful.	labels:I think free therapy sessions would be a good place to start.
text:It would help you work on your self confidence and you might find that you are not doing as badly in school as you think you are..	labels:Yeah, there are definitely a lot of other things i'm insecure about.
text:Then I think it is probably just a general self esteem issue and nothing academic!. Anyway it's been really nice to talk to you and I hope that everything goes your way.	labels:I think talking about this has helped. I'll do a little more digging. Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi...\nhello how are. you.	labels:not doing too hot tbh.
text:what is the problem bud?	labels:my girlfriend broke up with me.
text:fuck women all my homies hate women.	labels:what's that supposed to mean.
text:don't worry about it just lighting the mood but really girls can be complicated and i get that its hard to understand why she left.	labels:what do I do, we've been with each other for 4 and a half months.
text:just give some time for yourself hangout with your friends and be free.	labels:i wish but I dedicated so much time for her, I was planning to hang out with her over Christmas and blew off my friends. now they have their own plans.
text:what about family I'm sure they'd love to have you around for Christmas.	labels:I was supposed to introduce her, now I just look like a loser.
text:trust me family never thinks of you like that you'll always be great to them.	labels:I guess you're right, should I try to get her back though.
text:no man you don't need her she had her chance and you'll find the right one someday just hang in there.	labels:but she was the one.
text:if she was the one then she wouldn't have left you're better off without her give other girls a chance.	labels:ive been smoking a lot more because of this incident, what else can I do to cope? and vaping.
text:well what else do you enjoy.	labels:being with her man.
text:try magic the gathering.	labels:ok.	episode_done:True
text:***Sigh*** I am under a lot of stress these days.\nHello, don't worry, I am here to help. Could you tell me what is going on?	labels:It is final's week and I am under a Helluvah lot of stress. School work is just pounding my brain. I am taking 5 courses this semester, too.
text:I can definetely imagine how stressful the last week of school can be, especially taking 5 courses instead of 4. However, don't let this situation scare you or ruin  your holidays. There are ways to cope with said stress.	labels:Yeah.  I am glad you are here to help me think things through. I need to find a solution to my anxiety while I knock out paper after paper.
text:First of all, do you have some academic counselor you can talk to? Help you organize your ideas or classwork? Can you refer to professors or fellow classmates for help?	labels:Well, counselors are hard to get ahold of so close to the Holidays.  The so-called teachers are not that helpful. seniors must figure it out by themselves.....(for the most part). My roommate is a lunatic..
text:Are you confident in your abilities to succeed in those classes or you think you might lack the materials or knowledge? Or perhaps time?	labels:I just don't know.  I am going to try my best to submit every assignment on time, even though the quality prolly won't be 100%. I am a perfectionist by nature. I am a bit moody and my roommates have noticed it.
text:It's okto be moody given the circumstances and the stress you are going through, and I think that you should attemp to complete all the assignments even if you don't get a 100% on them. That will show the professors that you are responsible and care about the subject or perhaps your major.	labels:I think that I need to research more to ace this out.
text:Accomplishing to submit everything will also make you feel good with yourself! It's important than you take your time.	labels:Most so-called professors are snobs and their TA's are worse. Academia is full of lazy admins and lame teachers.  Plus, the student loan costs are atrocious.
text:I understand that college can be financially demanding.	labels:It is a rip off for what you get..... Hopefully, my student loans will be forgiven by President Joe Biden in 2021. My anxiety is from the costs of college as well.
text:You need to think that you will have a secure job once you graduate, and every debt will be eventually paid off even if Biden doesn't forgive it. Try to remain optimistic and shake away the anxiety, it won't do you any good.	labels:Yeah, but big debts are big debts.
text:Do you feel better after talking about all of this?	labels:Yeah, but do you think I should take a different approach to things? Or find some other way to release my anxiety? I am still anxious about the end of school.
text:Not at all, I think what you are experiencing is completely normal, and you just have to cope with it in the most optimistic way possible. Maybe getting your assignments done in time will be helpful for your anxiety. After that, you will have tons of time to spend with friends, family, or simply leisure time to do what you enjoy.	labels:Yeah, tha is true. . Thank you for taking the time to hear my grief. "Good Grief."	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. In the past 3 years, I have gotten into 2 car accidents. Neither of them were my fault. I sustained a concussion/traumatic brain injury and am experiencing depression and PTSD. I have nightmares of crashing at least 2x a week. I am seeing a therapist, but due to the pandemic we are not meeting in person to do EDMR for my PTSD.\nHello, I'm so sorry to hear that. That sounds like an awful lot to go through in a few years time, which now can feel like the time passes so quickly.	labels:I have a traumatic brain injury that creates a lot of overstimulation in my life. I used to be social and now I can't be in a social setting for too long without feeling exhausted.
text:Have you tried to talk to your therapist through video chat or is that something they offer?	labels:Yes, I talk to my therapist every other week.
text:That's great that they can offer that, I know it's very difficult to get regular care at the moment with the pandemic. Do you have any family or friends close by or something that you can talk to if you feel like you need some extra support?	labels:I do not have supportive or understanding friends and family. I have lost a lot of them in the last few years or have created boundaries because when I got into my first car accident, legit someone said "are you not better yet?" and another said "can't you just walk it off?" When I got into my second car accident, people said "again? are you drunk?" Even though neither were my fault, people were not understanding or asked how scary those situations for me were.
text:I am sorry to hear that, people are very quick to judge so it's very unfortunate that you were treated that way.	labels:After my first car accident, the tow truck guy was towing my car to my aunt's garage to hold for auto insurance appraisal. He said to my aunt "sorry for your loss" My aunt said "oh, she's right over there and alive" the car accident was so bad the tow truck guy thought I had died. but even after seeing my car, friends and family acted like it was just something that happens to everyone. walk it off.
text:Wow, I can't imagine what the car must have looked like then for such a comment to be made. I'm glad that you here and despite going through that trauma that you are still going.	labels:Thanks.
text:A women fell asleep at the wheel in 2013 and hit me going through an intersection and totaled by car as well, but I had only had a concussion and pain I had to go to physical therapy for a short time, so I can't imagine how you must have felt.	labels:What are some things you do when you have depression? Have you been in a scary car accident before or know anyone? Have you offered them kindness or you just dismissed them and thought it was their own problem? That sounds scary. And is extremely unfortunate.
text:I'm sorry that you didn't get the support you needed after your accidents because it's hard enough to go through the pain and trauma (mental and physical) to begin with and the support is much needed.	labels:Absolutely! But I'm doing better now. You find out who your real friends and family are and you move on. The whole saying of "they don't deserve you at your best when they weren't there when you were at your worst"
text:You are 100% correct. Have you looked into any support groups at all or tried to connect with anyone with similar experiences through social media?.	labels:I don't use social media. I quit in 2016, which is also when I started realizing how vain people are. Some of those same friends and family didn't bother to text me even though they had my number. I did find a local group that did social stuff together but they were all really old like 50 years plus. I'm in my 20s so it was hard to relate.
text:Gotcha! Well I'm glad I was able to connect with you this evening because sometimes it helps just to chat and have someone listen :-).	labels:Thanks! I appreciate it. Happy Holidays and Happy New Year.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, are you having a good day at the moment?.	labels:Today is okay, i guess. I'm just stressed.
text:Is there a general problem that you would like to talk about? I am more than happy to listen..	labels:Yes, I found out I didnt pass college algebra and my academic advisor is pressuring me to take the class over this winter break in order to graduate on time. But I have been in new york city all year and my parents just got me tickets to fly home. I really miss them.
text:I am sorry to hear that but try not to panic, just failing one class is not the end of the world. How do you feel about retaking it?.	labels:I don't mind retaking it, really.
text:Ah so you feel that this is going to be severely disruptive to your plans for this winter break?.	labels:yha. also, im worried i might fail again if i get too distracted by my family.
text:Is it possible for you to get any sort of private tutoring which might help you?.	labels:i mean, tutoring is just another added time commitment. I really failed the first time because i was depressed and unmotivated. which is why I'm excited to be with my family finally.
text:Ah .. in that case is it possible to talk to your doctor? They might be able to get a special allowance for you given your personal circumstances.	labels:yeah. that's another thing. I havent told my therapist or even my parents yet. that i failed.
text:I think that it would be a really good idea if you talked to them about it. They will probably be a lot more understanding than you might think.	labels:what if they're disappointed.
text:If they love you, and I am sure that your family do, then they will accept what has happened without criticism.	labels:how do i even begin to start the conversation.
text:Well, do you have any siblings that you are close to and that you could tell first?.	labels:yeah i told my twin sister, actually.
text:It is good to hear you have a twin. Are you very close?.	labels:definitely. we go to different schools but we live together in nyc.
text:Well I think that it might be a very good idea if she could approach the rest of your family and maybe even your therapist on your behalf?.	labels:yha she's better at breaking bad news than i do... maybe i can ask her. i think i should tell my therapist myself though.
text:Well, your therapist is not, in my mind, as important as  your family. But I think that both will understand!.	labels:yeah. well i feel much better about this. thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:How may I help you today?	labels:I'm feeling really angry..
text:Why?	labels:My supervisor said she would be in to help cover people on PTO and she never showed..
text:So your boss never showed up to cover people on PTO is that correct?	labels:yes.
text:Did anybody ever get in contact with her and to see why she never showed up?	labels:Yes, she said she decided she was also taking PTO. Even though she had already said she would help cover.
text:I understand how you are feeling because i would be angry to. I feel like she should of let everyone know that before she decided to do that.	labels:Agreed, but at this point I just need to get over it so I can help pick up the slack. But i'm just so upset.
text:Have you personally had a conversation with her and tell her how you was feeling?	labels:No, i'm afraid to bring it up.
text:Don't be afraid to bring it up because you did nothing wrong.	labels:But what if she gets mad?
text:I don't see why she would get mad but if she does then just leave it alone and move on and just do your job. That is what i would do.	labels:Yea, I guess so.
text:I honestly do not think she will get mad just try to talk to her. I would just let it go because to me it's not worth being mad over for a long time you have to just let it go.	labels:I think I will. I guess i'm worried because I had already expressed my concern with having multiple people on PTO and she specifically said, "it's okay because I can help cover". So she just completely disregarded what I said.
text:I understand she should of talked to you about changing her mind.	labels:So is it even worth bringing it up at all?	episode_done:True
text:Not a great day.\nHow is your day going today? Do you have anything on your mind?.	labels:It is not a good day....
text:I am sorry to hear that - so life is not great at the moment? Would you like to tell me more?.	labels:Maybe. It is tough to talk about right now.
text:I understand. I know how hard it can be to open up about what is worrying you. I've been in that position too..	labels:I love my girl, but she decided to break up with me......by text message,. I get no respect.....
text:Oh I am so sorry! That is a really unpleasant thing to do to someone, especially at this time of year..	labels:Yeah, it is.
text:Is there anyone close to you that you can talk to about this? Friends?.	labels:I am disgusted that my girl did that to me......And by text message???! What the F--- My friends came up to me in the bar and said they had heard about the breakup....
text:Yes it is a very cowardly thing to do. I am quite disgusted that she did not have the courage to talk to you face to face too. You have every right to feel angry..	labels:Some friends to gossip....yeah, I am disgusted for sure, We had been together over 2 years....
text:Unfortunately there are people out there who are not true friends and who just want something to talk about. I have experienced that myself..	labels:Yeah, I bet many have.  It is not a very Civil society. Very uncivil method of breaking up....
text:It really is not is it! I can tell how upset you feel just from talking to you, and also that the method of the break up is  really sore point..	labels:It just disgusts me how gauche my girl's method was.  Maybe people should be more polite about how they communicate about something like breaking up.
text:It could be that you are better off without her? If she has such bad manners then I think that you cn do better..	labels:That is a great point.  A rather gauche move on her part, dontcha think? Have you ever had someone dump you??
text:Yes I do. I would not personally do that to someone even if I was unhappy in  relationship..	labels:Yeah, I hear you.
text:Yes I have been dumped. We had been together for eight years and he left me for another woman..	labels:I feel disgusted so much that I got played "like an old fiddle."  It sucks.....
text:I know how you are feeling but I think that you need to get professional help to move on. Are you able to go to therapy?.	labels:I haven't thought about getting therapy.  What would help?.
text:Well, I think it could be really beneficial to let your anger out.	labels:I am glad to be able to vent to you about my girl's actions.  I hope she is not going to hook up with my "wing man,' Rick.  I would be filled with even more disgust.
text:That would be an absolutely terrible thing to do. Do you really think that your friend would do a t hing like that to you?.	labels:I have seen Rick eyeballing my girl at times.  I think he is an agressive guy when it comes to the ladies. Rick thinks that he is a "playah."
text:Do you think that perhaps you should talk to him before anything happens? You do not want to ruin your friendship by having him do that.	labels:I might just have to do that.  I think that he has been eyeballing my firl a little too much over the last two or three months, actually.
text:Well you do not want to let that situation escalate any further. I hope I have been able to be of some help to you and I urge you to look for professional therapy if you can. All the best to you for Christmas and the year 2021!.	labels:I will talk to Rick and see what he knows about my girl breaking up with me by text.  I need to find out more.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, how are you doing today? Anything going on? I know actually I've had a rough day, but would love to hear about yours.	labels:Sorry for not reply you friend.
text:That's okay, just wanted to reach out and see how you are!	labels:My company cut my salary and I am scare of losing my job.
text:Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that.  So it sounds a bit like you are entering a period of uncertainty and are going to be struggling :(	labels:You are very correct, even now my job is one day off one day on.
text:Well i know it is difficult, but just wanted to share that I am here for you in these hard times.  And you're so smart that even if you lose this job you will find another one :) Actually currently I am unemployed too actually, although I have a new opportunity starting next month.  So I know it can be rough.	labels:I am happy for you friend, I pray for my  company not to sack us because it is not easy t fine job now.
text:Well have you thought of any next steps to take?  From what I have seen, it is easier to start looking for a new job before you need to leave the old one.  Maybe you could start job searching sooner rather than later?  I might have some contacts that can help.	labels:Thanks friend I love your style I follow it too.
text:Awesome! Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help you in these tough times.  It can be useful to take some time to relax too :) Maybe eat a favorite food or talk with a friend or go on a long walk to destress :)	labels:I will try to go and meditate on you teach me now thanks.
text:Awesome, meditation can always help make complex problems feel a bit simpler.  And it is okay to feel upset right now, as long as you realize that things will get better, and that you have lots of people supporting you! Anything else i can help you with? Or are you going to go meditate now?	labels:No for now thanks talking with you.
text:You're welcome! Hope you have a wonderful week :)  Always good to chat.	labels:Thanks.
text:Of course!	labels:It is great day for me to chat with today.
text:Yup, again, it is always great to reach out since other people might be going through the same struggles!  I was feeling upset until I messaged you and now I feel happier!	labels:Have a wonderful day goodbye.
text:Bye!	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:Very good thanks.
text:Glad to hear that! Is there some way I can encourage you? :D.	labels:I don't now how to cope with this pandemic any more is getting out of hand.
text:What is the worst part of it for you? Can you identify that? I'll be honest, my husband and I don't even see anyone dying..	labels:It is serious here about half of my neighbor are affected,
text:Half your neighbors died?	labels:Not really but every day ambulance must come to pick one or two because of an emergency.
text:So do you think you can identify the most difficult problem you have? Maybe we can look at that and possible find better ways to cope?	labels:I am feeling depression right now.
text:I can understand feeling depressed. I think that can be debilitating at times, however there are ways to cope and help you get out of it.. I used to struggle a lot with depression, but not much anymore. I learned a lot of coping strategies. I can share a few of those with you if you want.. One of the best ways is to take a walk. Get outside, get fresh air. Look at the sky and the clouds and the trees and the grass. This will not only physically refresh you but help your health as well.	labels:I am really afraid here I don't know what to do.
text:As for the pandemic, if you know no one who has died, I wouldn't worry about it. The CDC has no reported deaths of anyone healthy. People who are unhealthy die, not the healthy, and people who are sick ALREADY are the ones who die. If you are relatively healthy, then you are good to go. Do things to protect your health. What are you eating? What are you drinking? Are you talking to friends and getting social life? Are you getting fresh air? Thinking good thoughts?  Or are you living in fear when you are not going to a lot of funerals.. It is well documented that our immune system is affected by our mental state, so it is important that you care for your health. Focusing on the negativity of the pandemic will bring you down. Focusing on being healthy and taking care of your mind, soul, spirit and body will help build up your immunity and make you strong.	labels:I don't like the noise of ambulance at all any time I see one I don't feel happy.
text:I can understand an ambulance sound is hard to hear, but even that can be turned around. You can pray for the person, then switch your mind off. If you focus on the negative, you will stay negative. If you do what you can (pray) then there is nothing else to do. Focusing on the negative will depress you.. One thing I did to help with depression is keep a checklist of things to do when I felt down:  call a friend, call a loved one to encourage THEM, go for a walk, eat fruits and veggies, read a book, go for a bike ride, etc.  Things like that, then I chose to do those things despite how I felt. Doing those things helped my mood TREMENDOUSLY>. Feelings follow thoughts. If you think negative thoughts, you will feel negative. If you think positive thoughts, you will feel positive. Sometimes this takes time, but it works.  Just because you feel sad doesn't mean you should just do nothing, a person can TALK their way out of sadness and choose to do something different..	labels:Thanks your words of encouraging help me a lot.
text:I am glad you were able to talk about how this is affecting you. I think many people are affected. And I encourage you to really do things you like and enjoy to keep your mood better. If you feel down, talk about it, pray about it but do NOT dwell on it, because that will bring you down. Sometimes we get in a funk, when we do, we can pull ourselves out, I do suggest you write a list of things to do and put on the frige.	labels:You are very correct I like you a lot.
text:Thank you, how very sweet!  I do thank you for sharing your life with me. I'm an older person and this has affected me too.  Life is full of ups and downs, so I've been through some rough times. You can do this! :D.	labels:Lovely I love meeting people like you who has words of wisdom.
text:I had one more thought about when the ambulance comes by and you get upset. Pray for the person, pray for the workers. They are the ones who CAN do something about the sick people. You cannot. You didn't become an ambulance worker. I am not an ambulance worker, I cannot help them either, but I can pray God can help them do their job. Then I let it go.. I cannot worry about what is not my job. I have a home and family to care for and pets and neighbors.  So this is what I can do, I cannot fix the sick so the ambulance workers do their job, I do mine. When I try to do their job and worry all about them and the sick people, it's not my job and there will be no peace doing the wrong job. If that makes sense..	labels:Thanks I will continue praying for them.
text:If that is all, then you simply finish the hit. I am sure you will do just fine! .	labels:Thanks for everything you are too good. Goodbye.
text:You are very welcome! Goodbye now and God bless you!	labels:Amen! Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello there, how is life for you right now?.	labels:I suppose its Life right now anyways. at some point in time I suppose it wont be though.
text:Well, that sounds vaguely positive but is there something you'd like to talk specifically about?.	labels:sure we could talk about the holidays and friends and all the mess it causes.
text:Have you been having some problems with your friends lately? This can be a very stressful time of year, I know..	labels:all of it and I seem so little compared to everyone else like im just walking and wearing a ton of shame around me. ya I feel so drowned out by everyone else I feel like I am clothed from head to toe in it.
text:So you are feeling worried deep down about something right now? Would you like to tell me more about ti?.	labels:I dunno if its worried so much as feeling so little compared to it. worr. worried might not be the right emotion. you are really supportive btw 8o)))
text:Do you think that perhaps you feel numb to things that are going on even though you should be worried about them?.	labels:No i think i feel dumb but its not numb. one time i went to the dentist and he gave me a shot in my mouth that was numb this is kinda of a prickley feeling its not numbness.. something close but a stutter mayber.
text:I see - that is interesting, I have never heard of anything like that before. Do you think that there might be some sort of physical problem going on?.	labels:Thank you for clearing it up you are the greatest  bestest clairvoyant mturk supporter I have ever met.. Really I mean you have made me see things as they really are. your the first mturk supporter i ever met.. But dont let that discourage you.. you still the best!! merry christmas. O nvm it says we have to do this for 15 minutes lol.
text:Well, erm, thank you and a very Merry Christmas to you too. Yes fifteen minutes :D. Have you thought of making a list of goals for the New Year to motivate yourself?.	labels:Yea I have been smoking cigarettes for to long all bs aside.. Im going really try to get out of the habit of it this year. hopefully get out of where im staying to.. to a bigger place.
text:I smoke too much too. It costs a lot and it's really bad for my health. I think I am gonna try and quit - again, sigh - in January too.	labels:try not to shame my friends or enemies any. do something good for someone this year I hope to.. try to at least.. hehe i said on my birthday which was the end of november i was quitting i really need try harder and do it.
text:Maybe try saving the money you save on cigarettes for a few months and then treat yourself to something really nice?.	labels:ya cigarettes they getting up much a pack they really are a waste of money. especially if you dont have alot of money like me. ya Im really going to try. total waste of money make you smell bad.
text:Nearly ten pounds a pack here (UK). I am gonna try and save up for a new handbag!.	labels:hope you kick it to. ya im in the us they about 8 to 10 dollars here in the usa.
text:Everything is cheaper there than here :D. Do you have any fun plans for Christmas Day?.	labels:you can get some generic ones for like 6 bucks a pack.. its questionable if they tobacco though or recycled newspapers. i was thinking about hiding everyones christmas presents after they put em under the tree tomorrow night.. but it seems like to much effort and i have stay up after they put em up lol.. other then that nah just going kick it. anyhows though I hope you have a really Merry Christmas and your next year goes way awesome.
text:It will be nice to have a couple of stress free days ... assuming that they are stress free!.	labels:hehe i got get over my dumbness i mean my numbness. that my real new years resolution.
text:I hope you have a really nice Christmas and New Year too. Let's face it, hopefully 2021 cannot be worse than 2020 (touch wood).	labels:hehe. hopefully if no more covid outbreaks.
text:Anyway thank you for talking and I hope you feel a little better..	labels:im ready get out of my little corner.	episode_done:True
text:Hey. I am really scared about my job prospects. I am really fearful about my job situation.\nWhen did this fear start?	labels:It has been a while. I have had fears going back to my childhood traumas. I think that the work situation has only exacerbated that. The current economic climate has really made me fearful....not sure if I am going to be able to keep my job.
text:It sounds like your childhood trauma and the economy is the cause for you not being confident in your job situation. Is this correct?	labels:Somewhat.  But, my fears are relevant because I don't know if I will always have a job.
text:Do you have anyone you can talk to about this? A relative or a close peer at your job?	labels:Do you know what I mean? What say u? I have some, but they have their own problems to deal with. Everyone has problems. Do you know what I mean?
text:You know, I once felt the same you are feeling and had the same idea that everyone had their own problems, but I took the courage to seek for help and found out that the people who really care about me will always want to help me.	labels:It is making me have flashbacks of other traumatic situations, I think I need to find a good support chain, for sure. What say u? You take alooonnng time to respond.
text:There are many counselors who specialize in this field of job security and especially during this pandemic and the falling economy, they are great support systems.	labels:I am having a hard time.... Ok, I will look some of them online.  I need some financial planners to help as well. Many Americans are hurting.
text:If you want other suggestions, meditation is something that is extremely overlooked and will help you before you even take the big leap to get support from a counselor or relative. Just taking deep breaths in a quiet area is a great way to clear your head and keep optimistic.	labels:Any other advices? What else can you advise me on? Should I look elsewhere for jobs? I will have to try that.  Maybe it can help me ease my mind.
text:Since a lot of this stress is being caused by your childhood trauma, it seems like there is something that connects that job to your trauma and if it cant be disconnected, it seems like you should find another job.. And I understand that is not the easiest in these times but I believe you can do it!	labels:It is not easy right now. That's for sure. . I am wondering if I could do Lyft or Uber. I think a side hustle could work, perhaps?
text:Do you think those jobs would help you disconnect your childhood trauma and work life?.	labels:Do you think I am thinking rationally? I could give it a try.... Childhood traumas are tough for sure.  I am a fearful person.
text:Just giving it a try is what starts every journey and I am proud of you for taking that leap!	labels:Thanks a lot.  I appreciate you support. :) I think that your advice will help.  Thank you for the chat.
text:No problem I hope all goes well for you and I hope you stay safe.	labels:Thank you.  Good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening! How are you feeling today?.	labels:Good evening! I am good.
text:What would you like to talk with me about? I am happy to listen..	labels:I am not happy now I need a job.
text:Ah I am sorry to hear that. So you are having employment problems because of the current world situation?.	labels:You are very correct, the situation now are very bad I need a job seriously.
text:Would you be prepared to take something that is less well paid than your previous job just to tide you over?.	labels:Yes if I can see one now I will be happy.
text:Do you feel that this has knocked your self confidence and affected your family life at all?.	labels:It has not knocked my self confidence but its affecting my family right now because I need a job to help my family out.
text:I totally understand. I have had my hours cut down as well and it's really been worrying me..	labels:Sorry friend! This pandemic really affect every body.
text:It has been a terrible year hasn't it? Please know that there are lots of people out there in the same situation and we do understand.	labels:You are very correct! I know very soon every thing will be ok.
text:January should hopefully bring better things to the world I think. I am really looking forward to it, I think it will be good..	labels:By God grace I also hope so, Next year will be better.
text:Will you be getting a vaccine for Covid? I am really hopeful bout that.	labels:I will if it is proof by government that is ok to take.
text:That sounds like a good idea. It's been really nice talking, I wish you all the best for 2021!.	labels:Thanks friend 2021 will fruitful for us all.
text:Take care and goodbye :).	labels:Nice talking to you goodbye.
text:You need to quit first .. I can't :).	labels:ok thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm Anna.\nHi there, how is life treating you right now?. I am Jo, it is nice to meet you! Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?.	labels:Going through a break-up. My 3rd one this year.... Nice to meet you too. It suckssssss.
text:Gosh you've been busy :). I am sorry to hear that though - I know how much it hurts when you split with someone, especially if it was not consensual.. It's a lousy time of year for it too, isn't it?.	labels:I feel like a piece of crap, and childish at that. I can't maintain any of my relationships. I think I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life.
text:That is a defeatist way to talk! Just because a couple of relationships fail does not mean that you will never be able to find happiness..	labels:Well, if past experience has any powers of prediction. I get super clingy, and do this push and pull thingy, where I break up and call them names, and then become so embarrassed it's hard to even bring it up. my last boyfriend said he thought i had borderline disorder.
text:I have been in that position too. I hate it when I realise that I am not being rational but I can't seem to stop myself sometimes and this has sometimes let to problems with my inter personal relationships.	labels:Yea, that definitely seems to be part of my problem. I really thought he was different, too. And when he broke up with me, I tried to get him to spend the night with me in a hotel, and I felt so pathetic because I was practically begging for sex. I think I am an addict.
text:I hear you on that one too! It's horrible to feel that you are losing your self respect but I suspect that we've all done it at some point. Have you considered getting some counselling?.	labels:Sigh.. yes. I have seen several. I also take meds from a psychiatrist.
text:I hear  you saying that they are not really effective, is that true?.	labels:Well... one told me that I should be put down like a dog to my face. so, yea.
text:Okay .. I hope you reported him!!.	labels:I didn't. I was younger then. who knows. not gonna lie. maybe they're right. Sometimes I think I'm a psycho. My last therapist was always doing deep breathing exercises. It didn't help. I also have a lot of anxiety. A LOT! I even got an emotiona support dog.
text:I understand that as well .. I am on medication for it. A dog is a wonderful thing to have! Do you feel that it has helped you?.	labels:Yea, he's my best friend. At least I have one boy who has to stick around. He's on a tight leash.
text:Dogs are very very loyal. They never cheat on you or walk out on you!.	labels:So trueee :) I just wish I wasn't such a freak.
text:I think you are probably not anywhere near as bad as you think you are you know :). Anyway I wish you all the very best for the New Year and hope that things pick up for you soon!	labels:Alright, bud. Thanks. You, too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?.	labels:feeling disgust as usual. yourself?
text:I have been feeling a little low too. Would you like to tell me a bit about why you are disgusted with yourself?.	labels:well, i'm not disgusted with myself... it's just people in general. everybody.. they're so selfish. any they all care about superifical things.
text:Ah yes, this has been especially obvious during the pandemic hasn't it? Too many people not following the social distancing rules.	labels:well, you could say that. take christmas, for example. people give everyone else gifts out of obligation.
text:Do you feel that the pandemic has made you feel worse? Or have you felt like this for a long time?.	labels:a long time. more as i age. i'm actually tired about hearing about the pandemic, really. it is all people ever talk about. more people are probably dying of obesity. eating themselves to death.
text:Well, it is a pretty significant issue this year :). Re obesity, have you considered doing something to raise awareness?.	labels:I think it would be beating a dead horse. Ober half the population is overweight. People would just need to be blind not to see it. That's kind of my point. Everything is consume... consume.. consume.... buy buy buy.
text:So you feel as though there is no bright side - that everything is just artificial and superficial?.	labels:well... you can't really do anything without money. it all kind of rides on it, doesn't it?  what you can buy?
text:I don't mean to sound twee but there are things out there in life that can be appreciated for free :).	labels:Yea, a few things here and there. Nature, let's say. But nature doesn't really give one way or another about you. My friends have a lot of money, though, and none of them are even happy. thats even more saddening.
text:I know what you mean about that. I know plenty of people who spend too much of their life working every hour and it leaves them no time to appreciate their money!.	labels:Yea, I know, right. I have one friends who has probably about 100k in the bank, and he will complain if he spent 4 cents too much on gas over another gas station.
text:People like that are irritating, certainly. I am not sure what the solution is, other than to ignore them..	labels:yea, it's hard, though, because sooner or later it comes out in almost everyone i meet. who knows. maybe even i do it and don't even know it. thats scary, you know. at least your honest.
text:Well, the fact that you can reflect on it indicates to me that you are probably not guilty. Most of those who do this are totally unaware.. It has been really nice chatting to you and I hope that things go your way in 2021. You seem like  good person :).	labels:Thanks. Probably true. sometimes when i bring it up they'll just argue about it and defend themselves. i just try to move on but it is always there. ok. yea it is 15 minutes so bye bye. good talking.	episode_done:True
text:Hello my situation is that I'm facing an enormous amount of academic pressure.\nHello. Academic work can be overwhelming at times. I am sure that with the right strategies you will overcome any obstacles, though. Could you tell me what the issue is in particular?	labels:It's just a huge amount of work that I'm struggling with and a ton of exams and they give me a lot of anxiety.
text:It is perfectly fine to feel stressful whenever an important assessment is coming. Make sure that you try to be as prepared as you can. When you feel capable of doing well on said exams, you will feel a lot less pressure.	labels:Do you have any recommendations on reducing the stress though?
text:Do you have an academic councelor you can talk to?	labels:yes it's all virtual though.
text:Well at least is something. I am sure talking to someone who might be able to guide you academically will be a significant relief.	labels:That is a good idea.  Do you personally recommend anything on how to balance my schedule and still be able to have my time to do other things?
text:When I was at college, I usually aimed at 2 hours of studying everyday (+ homework) and I also aimed to have at least 2 hours of leisure time.	labels:I see, and how were you able to maintain a healthy lifestyle with enough sleep and healthy eating habits during college?
text:I honestly didn't eat very healthy. If you live with your parents, I think a proper nutrition is easier. I usually slept around 7 hours each night. I picked most of my classes on the afternoon, worked out in the mornings.	labels:okay i understand, and what do you suggest for when you do poorly on an exam that you studied so hard for, how do you keep yourself from feeling down?
text:I would suggest talking to the professor or an academic advisor to explore strategies that could help you improve.	labels:okay but is it normal to be upset?
text:Of course, it is normal to feel upset. However, you should not blame yourself. No one is perfect.	labels:Okay that makes me feel better.
text:I am glad it does :D! Anything else I can help you with today?	labels:that's it! thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am very sad today. My partner is cheating on me.\nCheating on you?	labels:Yes. With another woman..
text:How do you know that your partner is cheating on you? Did he tell you that he is?	labels:I was told by a customer at work. I do not know this person well, yet they knew the person he was cheating on me with.. He will not admit it himself..
text:I am sorry if your partner is cheating. So, your partner denies the charge of cheating? Are you and your partner married?	labels:Yes. He says the person who told me is lying.. We are not married but we live together..
text:How long have you been in a relationship with your man?	labels:2 years.
text:So, 2 years should be long enough to know if your partner has been cheating.	labels:What do you mean exactly?
text:Are you someone who trusts people? I think that most men would fess up about it.	labels:I guess all people are different. I generally trust people easily..
text:Does he show affection to you? If he is adamant about loving you, then, it may be false allegations.	labels:That is true. He is but, has been distant lately..
text:I have had coworkers lie and be jealous that I have a good relationship with my partner.	labels:Do you think maybe it was a rumor started by someone who could be jealous?
text:Ash your partner if he loves you enough to propose marriage. If he says no, then ask him why.	labels:That is a good point.
text:Yes, workers can be a real problem and can make up stories about people. Slander in the work place happens. Unfortunately, lies and rumors are just that.	labels:I  am not sure if I am okay with giving him an ultimatum. We are still young and although I love being in a relationship, I am unsure about marriage.. But I appreciate your suggestions. and you make a great point about the workplace being hostile.
text:Sure, I understand.	labels:I should trust my partner more than any random person..
text:Yes, the workplace is not like home life. . Yes, trust matters.	labels:But every time i bring it up, he tries to change the subject. How should I approach him to communicate better?
text:I would see if he wants to spend time doing things like volunteering after work.  If he says yes, or is excited, that is a good sign that he wants to be with you....even after work.	labels:okay! that is a good idea. Maybe I can research something and see if there is anything new we can do together..
text:Find things that he has in common or energize the relationship. Yes, ask him if he wants to learn to swing dance or take skiing lessons or volunteer for Habitat for Humanity.	labels:That is a good point. It is just hard to go on with the relationship when I feel I do not know the whole truth and there is little discussion or reassurance..
text:You have done your part, but if he wants to show you affection on a regular basis, that is a good sign. How old are the both of you?	labels:Okay. I will keep that in mind. We are 22..
text:Are you intimate with your partner, on a regular basis?	labels:Yes but less over the past few months..
text:Spicing up the live life can also help to energize hings. I mean, the love life.  Te lack in the last few months could be a physical issue or stress related....for him. Does he mention a lot of stress at the job or is he in college? 22 is young. You are both relatively young. I feel that there is plenty to learn about each other.	labels:That's understandable. Maybe I can communicate with him first..
text:How do you all generally communicate? Through text?	labels:He is going to law school and I am going to med school. There is a ton of stress on both ends.
text:Which do you and your man like to communicate?	labels:No live together so we use call, text, and see each other in person.. I communicate much more than he does. Thats why I think he is hiding something..
text:Well, you and your man are under a lot of stress, so keep that in mind. The study may be making him withdraw a lot.	labels:You are right. I will try to be more sensitive about that. Thank you for your help.
text:I would ask his fellow students, if you know any of them if they think he really loves you.	labels:Do you think getting other people involved is a good idea?.
text:I would be subtle about that tactic. . If you haven't met any of his school mates. I wouldn't pursue that option.  Have you met any of his class mates?	labels:Yeah he has a few close friends but he is pretty to himself. We both live far away from home..
text:Are you and him directly off campuses in housing? You both attend the same college, correct?	labels:Yes off campus. Same college..
text:Where do you work? Have you seen the customer who said that your partner was cheating? Seen the customer before? Was it a man or woman who dropped the shocking news? I feel that the customer may have a case of mistaken identity indeed.	labels:I work at a bar part time to support may way through school.. It was a women. I know her, but not well. Met a few times around school..
text:Sounds like drunk slander talk.  I would let things go for awhile and follow up later.	labels:Okay I will try.. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm feeling a lot of anxiety.\nI am sorry to hear that.  Do you know what may be causing ytour anxiety?	labels:I found out I'm losing my job on January 1.
text:You lost your job? thats a tough situation. Is it due to covid?	labels:No, not due to covid. It's a gig job, much like mturk, but the company is dropping people from my state on that date.
text:I know its tough especially with the holidays and all. You have so many great skills and are such a hard worker I dont think you will have a problem at all finding something different..	labels:I've been looking at other companies, but learning a new system after all these years is difficult.
text:I remember a time I lost my job and felt my whole world crumbling but then I realized when one door closes another door opens. when those doors close it seems that its usually for the best because it opens the path for something bigger and greater for you.	labels:That's true. I've thought about looking into new fields.
text:Have you looked into some evening classes or maybe online schooling? I hear there are so many different options when it comes to online learning.	labels:I was looking into that last night, but with covid,  classes have had to cut enrollment and are already full for next semester.
text:They are full? well what about surrounding towns? Have you sat down and really thought about your passions and what you enjoy doing? Maybe theres an elderly person who needs some companionship or something like that in town for the time being.	labels:I don't have a car, so I'm stuck doing classes locally. I think I'll just have to wait for the next semester.
text:Is waiting until next semester something your willing to do? That would give you time to reflect on yourself and your future and figure out what you want to do as a career. I could give you a list of other online opportunities to make money if you would be interested.	labels:I would be interested in that, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. What seems to be the issue?	labels:I don't have close friends because I don't trust people.
text:You said you generally don't trust family or people in general?	labels:people in general, I do trust certain family members.
text:Just people who are close to you?	labels:no, I have a hard time trusting people i don't know in order to make friends.
text:I have had a hard time trusting strangers, but that is not a big problem. I used to be the same way, but I learned about how to make and keep close friends.	labels:i think it feels like a problem because I never let anyone too close in order to make friends and have an external support system. how did you do it.
text:I joined volunteer groups to help others.  I made friends with like-minded people who volunteered to make a difference.	labels:I actually think that is a great idea.  I have never thought of doing that for that specific purpose.
text:Groups like Habitat for Humanity or UNICEF will help you to build long-lasting friendships. It just takes finding the right volunteer groups and being willing to be pro-active.	labels:I guess it makes a lot of sense.  If you go to a party or a bar, you don't know what you will get, as it is a mixed bag of personalities.  Whereas if you go to something like what you suggested then you already know that the people you meet have the same kind of heart.
text:You can do it. I have faith that you can use volunteering as the right method.	labels:Thank you for that suggestion, that is really helpful and something that I will take with me from now on.
text:Exactly, volunteering is a great option. And there are many organizations to join. Did you need help with anything else?	labels:I feel ok being alone mostly, but other times I would like to have people I could relate with and hang out with.  Probably has a lot to do with ADHD and how I feel misunderstood or my anxiety gets the best of me in social situations.
text:I understand the ADHD.  There are support groups that can help you make friends; especially with ADHD, etc.	labels:do you know any specific groups?
text:Using tools to build houses helps to release endorphins, which can release anxiety.	labels:is this something you have done?
text:There is a group called, "Harry House" that provides support to those with ADHD and anxiety.	labels:oh ok! I will certainly look that up, thank you for that information.
text:Surely. Is there anything else you need help with?	labels:Does one have to travel far to participate in building houses?
text:No, Habitat fir Humanity has car pools..	labels:do you know if it requires a person to be away from home a long time?
text:They are a good group to help you build meaningful relationships. I used to do a hour at a time; maybe one or twice a week.	labels:oh! so a person could just choose how often and how long they participate?
text:Would you be interested in something like HFH?	labels:thank you for sharing with me, i might like to participate in it in the future.
text:Yes, you can sign up online to join a project.	labels:ok i will look that up, thank you for all your help.
text:Yes, you can volunteer locally; HFH is nationwide.	labels:ok thank you.
text:Any other questions? I am glad to assist.	labels:no other questions, you have been most helpful, thank you!
text:I have done volunteer work; people want to be friends with those who care and know how to use a nail and hammer. :)	labels:LOL good to know! Thanks for the chat and I hope you have good holidays!	episode_done:True
text:I have anxiety about what avenue to take academically.\nHello! Don't worry, I am here to help. So you are saying that you are not sure what career to study?	labels:I do have an idea about it but I am anxious about choosing wrong and boxing myself into something I wish I hadn't chosen.
text:Even if you chose wrong, you will generally have plenty of time to make up your mind and choose something that you really like : ), plus, you can reach out to academic advisors, for example.	labels:I suppose you're right, I think I don't have confidence in myself that what ever I do choose, I will be good at it.  Good enough to make a life out of it. fear of failing myself because i lose interest in things over time.
text:I myself lose interest in many things quite frequently.	labels:but what if that thing is your career choice?
text:That is a totally normal aspect of human nature. It's normal to get bored of things even if we really liked them at some point. Of course, some topics like those are more serious, but as I said, even if you chosed wrong ,you can always change your major.	labels:I guess thats right.  All I care about is helping others so as long as the choice i make supports that then it will be fine. thank you for your help.
text:No problem, and it's great that you like helping others. I am a firm believer that ultimately making others happy is what makes us happy.	labels:yes, it is very rewarding to do so, it should be a part of everyone's life choices. i agree with you on that.
text:Remember to always keep a positive mindset. I am sure you will sort this out in no time. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:I am sure you are right, I just get caught up in my thoughts too much. have a great day! no thank you. are you still there.
text:Yes, sorry. And it has been a pleasure : )	labels:why does it say im ending the chat early when it has been enough time already.
text:Try again, you have to hit quit and fill the questionarie.	labels:ok thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I am very worried about losing my job.\nHello - How are you today?	labels:Anxious. I think my boss wants to fire me.
text:I am so sorry you are worried about losing your job. I have been in your shoes before.. Why do you think your boss wants to fire you?	labels:Thank you. I think if I am late again, I will be let go. I have a sick child and my boss does not understand. How can I explain that I may be late to the office, but that I am a valuable employee?
text:Have you explained to him your reasoning? I also once had to take care of my sick grandmother after work and had a tough time explaining it to my boss.. Have you offered to stay later to make up the work?.	labels:No. But that is a good idea..
text:Maybe your boss can compromise with you. It's worth a shot!	labels:It's a very competitive office and I don't want to look weak.
text:You sound like you care about this job and that is a valuable asset in a an employee..	labels:I do. I hope I can explain the situation clearly and offer to make up time by staying late.
text:I understand. Is there a coworker or mentor that maybe you can talk to?.	labels:I will reach out to HR.
text:That's a great idea!	labels:Thank you. You have been very helpful and uplifting.
text:Also review your employee handbook and see if there are things you can do to negotiate with HR or your boss in regards to your hours.. Always best to come prepared :)	labels:My anxiety is disappearing with the suggestions you have offered.
text:That's great! I am happy I could help you during such a difficult time. How long have you been at the job?.	labels:I have only been here for 6 months. I think being new is contributing to the anxiety I am feeling.
text:I understand. Being new at a job can have its difficulties.. From speaking with you, it seems like you are caring and hardworking..	labels:Thank you for your encouragement..	episode_done:True
text:I swear, I can't take these lockdowns anymore.\nI can definetely understand why. During this pandemic we have been more isolated than ever. It's not easy.	labels:I mean it's one thing to limit capacities in places, but to say we're not allowed to go to our friends' and family's home is just plain ridiculous. .
text:It is more than reasonable to be frustrated with regards to that. I myself have not been able to visit my ill mother. She lives in another country, so it's especially difficult.	labels:That is a shame. I mean I know people can still do Zoom or Facetime, but I imagine you can related to me in knowing that both of those options are not the same as face to face..
text:Exactly, the experience feels like it lacks the main connection we share with our loved ones. It is totally normal to want to be face to face instead.	labels:I think that's the other thing that these lockdowns are doing; they're sucking the emotional aspects out of activities and pastimes we love. Instead of laughing or jumping with fright in theaters with everyone, we now have to do it with ourselves. Rather than cheering as an audience over a touchdown, it's now a crowd of one. It just feels robotic now..
text:I agree with you, what used to be super-exciting activities now have a much more monotonous feeling. However, it's not the end of the world. Thankfully, researchers have just came up with a vaccine prototype I heard.	labels:Yeah, but even with the distribution, some people are saying that things won't return to normal till about late spring/early summer.. It's certainly maddening.
text:I know it's not easy, but try to think of this whole situation of a challenge that you are overcoming. What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger. You will come out of this ready for any hardships that life might throw at you.	labels:I guess, I still think our responce to this was sloppy at best. I mean, lockdown the healthy masses due to a discease with a 99% survival rate? It just doesn't make sense in my book. I'm just glad this silliness will be over soon.
text:It will hopefully be over sooner than we think. Just try to keep a positive attitude, focus on the things you like, and time will fly. I know it can be hard, but I am sure you got this.	labels:I think over time (sooner than later hopefully) I'll be able to get over it. Thank you very much for talking to me.
text:It has been a pleasure : )	labels:Have a good day :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:Hello, I'm good and yourself.
text:I'm doing well, thank you!	labels:I am really a little upset.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. What's going on that's making you feel that way?	labels:Me and my partner had an argument and I got ghosted after. It's been 2 weeks.
text:That's terrible. So you had an argument and he hasn't spoken to you in two weeks. Is that correct?	labels:Yes.
text:I can imagine that you must be really hurt amongst a number of other feelings. Hearing you tell me that he has done this is upsetting to me as well. I've had the same thing done to me and I can remember being extremely distraught.	labels:Yeah, I just do not know what to do.
text:Do you mind me asking what the argument was about? If you don't mind going into a little more detail, I may be able to help you more.	labels:I was sick and he did not call me all day to even check in on me. I told him that I was upset about that.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Hope that you have some good thoughts to share with me.\nTotally, I am here to help! Tell me what's the issue so we can work it through.	labels:Cannot seem to shake the blues even though I exercise and have a friend I regularly talk with.
text:Do you think your mood is related to any current or recent events in your life?	labels:Yes. To handle my previous depression I self medicated and ended up going to prison. Made my situation worse. Now trying to adjust but depression is worse having lost job and social stauts.
text:Feeling down after an experience like that is certainly understandable, and I suspect that might be the main cause of your depression. Regarding losing your job, I wouldn't worry too much. New businesses are opening each day as the pandemic slowly goes away. You will have plenty of job opportunities. Similarly, you will also regain your confidence and social status as you interact with society more.	labels:Yes, but its a vicious circle. Get blue and find it hard to strive. Unfortunately many jobs require background checks these days. Even Amazon! Hope with the vaccine that things will look up.
text:I am feeling optimistic about this vaccine, you will see how it helps us all slowly get our lives back to how they were.	labels:Yeah. The covid thing is an additional layer of isolation and depression.
text:It will soon be over hopefully. Hey, just try to focus on improving yourself as a person. Try to find an activity you enjoy doing. Keep exercising, that's great for your body and mind. And definetely talk to any closed one you have if you need to. Hey, just try to focus on improving yourself as a person. Try to find an activity you enjoy doing. Keep exercising, that's great for your body and mind. And definetely talk to any closed one you have if you need to.	labels:political situation in US not helping like with most recent aid bill. BTW how do we know when this HIT is complete?  Yes, striving to gain 10 lbs of lean mass.
text:I agree, but it's not like we have any major control over that unfortunately.	labels:Serenity prayer. Lord grant me.. to control ..
text:You have to hit "quit" and fill the questionarie. And I am sure you can get really strong! Just keep working out :D.	labels:How about you? Holding up to Covid-19 insanity?	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How can I help you today?	labels:I am anxious about an upcoming test.
text:It's normal to feel nervous whenever we have an important assessment coming. I myself would always be really anxious whenever I had any finals back in college.	labels:Yes I have a bunch of courses that I need to do for my work, it certainly keeps me busy.
text:I would suggest that you study as much as you can. The more prepared you are for that test, the more manageable you will find it and the less stressed you will feel.	labels:Yes I am pretty good about that but it just kills my free time because I am working full time.
text:I understand. However, you need to be able to find some time dedicated to your school activities. You are the one who needs to decide how to insert it in your schedule.	labels:Yes honestly I am the main driver behind me doing all this schooling it is just going to be good for my career and I don't just want to stand still.
text:I agree, once you have your career set up you won't have to worry about working and studying anymore. You will be doing what you like for a good living. Think about the future.	labels:That is certainly the plan.
text:Just remember not to stress too much about it. It's just one test at the end of the day, you can do this!	labels:Yes I am not super worried about it it is more the stress from not having free time, also insurance textbooks are not extremely exciting.
text:I know that I told you to try to fit school time into your schedule, but the same goes with leisure time for yourself. Find an activity that you enjoy and try to dedicate at least an hour a day to it, be it exercising, playing videogames, reading a book.	labels:Yes that is good advice, I try to find time for myself but time seems to disappear sometimes.
text:Happens to all of us. I myself sometimes get too invested in work and the days go by without me realizing it, but it should definetely be a priority. Try to maximize your efficiency so you can do your work while having more time for other activities.	labels:That is helpful, I am just glad I will have a few days off after today.
text:That's absolutely great, make good use of them (^_^) Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:You have been very helpful, sorry I left for a bit. Have a wonderful day:)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, so tell me, how are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling depressed.
text:If you tell me what's going on, I will be more than glad to help.	labels:I can't pinpoint what exactly is making me feel this way. It could be the pandemic. But basically I started to feel that there is not much point in anything.
text:The pandemic can definetely be a key factor here. When it first started, I remember feeling lost and unsure about things that I would normally would have no problem with. If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?	labels:I am 30.
text:Do you have any family, girlfriend, boyfriend, children?	labels:I have family and a boyfriend but they all live far and I have not seen them in while.
text:Not seeing your closed ones or simply being apart from them can be more than enough to make us feel depressed or blue. Have you tried doing videocalls with them, for example?	labels:Yes sometimes. I don't tell them how I feel though. I don't want them to worry about me.
text:I understand. However, there is nothing wrong with telling them that you are sad because you miss them. Something as simple as getting it off your chest can already make you feel better.	labels:I suppose. I just worry that I will make them sad too. It's hard time for everyone.
text:Totally, but remember than they are there for you whenever you need them.	labels:Yes that's true. Do you have any suggestions on what to say?
text:I bet something as simple as "Hey babe, I really miss you. I can't be glad with your abscence" could make your boyfriend feel loved while at the same time relieving you.	labels:That is true. I believe I have a problem showing vulnerability.
text:That might be why you were unsure about telling them. Believe me, there is nothing wrong with showing vulnerability. We are all vulnerable in one way or another.	labels:I haven't been with my boyfriend that long before the pandemic started so I still have some fears and trust issues. I fear that being weak pushes people away.
text:Hey, if he is the right one for you, he will completeley accept you as you are and love you. In the unlikely event that he "rejects" you for being "vulnerable", he wasn't even worth it in the first place. You deserve someone that appreciates you as much as you appreciate them :3.	labels:That is true. I should be brave enough to find out if he will be there when the chips are down. I am going to do it.
text:I believe in you!	labels:Thank you for supporting me.
text:It has been a pleasure!	labels:Enjoy the rest of your day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, how are you today.	labels:I am okay but started reflecting on the past and started to feel angry.
text:I see. Sometimes that can happen when you look back on yourself.. What is making you angry about the past?	labels:I am angry I trusted my ex partner. They cheated on me and tried to hide it for months..
text:I can personally relate to that myself. I have went through something similar like that 4 years ago. It can be very frustrating when it happens. .	labels:What do you do when you are reminded of that situation or think about the person?
text:The easiest thing that I did in my situation was obtained a new hobby. I took my anger out on my ex by joining Crossfit and interacted with that community. It helped me take my mind of from my ex. .	labels:I've seen that Crossfit helps a lot of people. That is a good idea but it is kind of intimidating.
text:Crossfit may not be for everyone, but do you think a new hobby may help you? Have you taken one in recently?	labels:I have recently started painting and it is very relaxing.
text:Painting is an excellent hobby. I can see that it's relaxing as well as help put your emotions into something physical..	labels:Yes. I usually do it while listening to podcasts. It is a great distraction.
text:It sounds like that you are doing great with your hobby. Have you try to interact with anyone else, such as an art community or your friends on your feedback?	labels:I have but not many of my friends have been in the position I was or understand how I feel.
text:Yea, I can see why that may make you feel alone in that aspect. I thought about that myself, but there are groups that can help you out. Strangers in fact. I went on Reddit to express my frustrations and it can help to just let out your anger.	labels:Personally I've heard that Reddit can be really toxic.
text:It can be, but seeing several posts in their groups, most offer advice or at least sympathy. It is kind of like what we are doing right now to be honest. Again, it is not for everyone, but it does offer a group to talk to during this pandemic lol..	labels:I guess I can at least try it. Thanks for all the great advice.
text:Only if you think it will help. Do you think it will?	labels:I think it might be at least comforting knowing people have the same experience..
text:No problem. I really hope that I was able to help you at least. I am still available if you want to discuss further. Like I said, I know how it feels because my ex hid from me 2 years that she was seeing someone else, so I can relate with you.	labels:This was very helpful, thanks again. You can end the conversation. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I am having a very anxious day today.\nHello! I am here to help, could you please tell me what the issue is?	labels:My mother in law is sick with COVID and my husband, when he contracted COVID from her, got terminated from his job.
text:I can see why you feel anxious, I would be too given the situation. When did your mother in law got sick with COVID?	labels:Yeah, it's just really stressful and I am over anxious about it. Right before Thanksgiving, she is elderly and has cancer, she is finally feeling better though.
text:Cancer is already a hard enough disease to fight against. My aunt is a cancer survivor. I am sure your mother can make it too.	labels:She is a fighter.
text:From my knowledge, people usually recover from COVID after 2 to 3 weeks, you might consider having a doctor see your mother if she is still struggling.	labels:Yeah, she went again the other day. She is doing quite a bit better. He said because of underlying conditions it may take her longer, but she is doing great. That was encouraging.
text:There are substantially more people recovering from covid each day despite the number of infected growing exponentially. I am sure that, with the proper care, your mother in law will make it, and so will your husband. I am sure he will be able to find a new job soon as new business start to open, even if it's a temporary one.	labels:Yeah, I guess you're right. I know you're right. I just haven't felt really in the Christmas spirit this year and I am anxious about everything I can't control.. He did have an interview today too, so that is good news.
text:Those are some great news indeed. I am sure he will get a call soon : )	labels:Lol - you made me smile. Thanks. I will believe that too.
text:I am glad I can make your day just a little better, that's what we are here for ^_^	labels:It really did help. Just talking and saying it out loud (or online) helped. Feeling heard helped.
text:And I am glad you are someone easy to talk to! Some of my patients do not argument at all and expect me to end the conversation when I, as a therapist, have to make sure they are good to go! Helping you has been a pleasure!	labels:I am thankful for your listening to me. It does make a big difference. I am in a better mood. Thank you!
text:You are very welcome!	labels:Thanks and have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:how is your side.	labels:It's pretty okay things could always be better though.
text:yes, that is good, I love your courage . so, how may I be of help. hello.	labels:Thank you. The situation I have listed there happened a while ago but still has some affect on our friendship today.
text:can you please mention those situations again ? I'm with you.	labels:What I should have put in is about my uncle I'd rather talk about that. He passed yesterday to colon cancer.
text:it seems, you are feeling so bad about his situation, and worried of his health.	labels:I am. I knew he had it but didn't know how bad off he was until they called and told me all his organs were shutting down.
text:mmmh, that is really hard to hear, but I am sure he will be fine. You have to calm and take a deep breaths, just believe that he will be fine, let those doctors do their work.	labels:That is really nice of you to say but sadly he passed last night.
text:I am so sorry to hear that.	labels:Yeah it's sad.
text:May his soul rest in perfect peace, please don't feel too bad, he has gone to rest. It is only God that is immortality.	labels:Thank you. It has been really nice talking to you here.
text:just think of something else, I know it's hard, but keep yourself busy so you will not down again .Have a nice time.	labels:Okay I'll keep that in mind and you have a nice time also.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm having a terrible day. My name is Sean and I work for a large distribution company.\nhi! i'm sorry to hear that. how is your work going so far.	labels:The problem with a job like Amazon or Kehe distribution is the quotas. The pay is extremley well but the work is extremely dangerous and extremely exhausting.
text:you mean, is your job defined by maximum exposure to people right now due to COVID?	labels:no COVID 19 has nothing to do with any of this work.
text:I understand how anxious you are right now. Can you give me some more info on your job.	labels:well when there are 50 million americans out of work right it's a bit scary. i'm a forklift operator..... I move pallets from one area of the warehouse to another but i.
text: i totally understand how nerve wrecking this is, but trust me you guys being front-line workers are our real heros.	labels:am based on a quota.  I am suppose to be able to move 10 pallets per hour.  that's almost impossible as it is a 1 million square foot warehouse.  If i get a pallet on the west side and have to move it to the east side that takes 7-10 minutes even if your going dangerously fast. doesn't feel like it to me.
text:did you try discussing your concerns with your Team Lead / Warehouse Supervisor of your group.	labels:I feel like a replaceable cog in a giant machine that doesn't give two shits whether I show up for work or not despite having over five years experience with over 12 forklifts..... Yes and they always say the same thing.  You need to get your numbers up but it's a catch 22 you can't possibly safely get your numbers up and accomplish your quotas.
text:you are doing your best and are working really hard.	labels:so.
text:just a thought - did you try changing roles within the warehouse to a different position? or try checking with the manager regarding this. you have 5 years exp, i'm sure you deserve a better role and pay.	labels:I am a felon and I have a bachelores degree in business management.  I am desperately trying to get out of the quota based work areas.
text:i understand, but when i had a slight trouble with my job, talking to my manager helped me a lot. also, your manager is your best point of contact for a great reference.	labels:Do you know how incredibly hard it is to serve your time in jail for 3 years and get out and can't find a job except scrubbing floors or cleaning shit or servinge tables. my manager doesn't give a shit.
text:thats hard,.. but you can do it.	labels:do what. work at burger king for $7.25 an hour.
text:do your best in your job!. hard work ultimately pays off!	labels:I'm not so sure if that's true anymore.  It's not what you know.... it's who you know. and with my felony my reputation is nothing but shit. my real worry is that this is one of the highest paying jobs in my area.  $16 an hour plus almost unlimiteed overtime. for a felon even with a degree that's phenominal in florida.
text:It sounds like you feel you are not heard and thats why you are pushing yourself hard do you feel that way.	labels:America is just not fair.
text:Its great that you are working hard despite whatever you faced and I assure that this will help you build a great future in this country.	labels:I will try and talk to my manager, thanks for trying to help me out.  have a nice dayl  I doubt it.  this country is about to fail. . i've already made plans to go to brazil. then paraguay.
text:I wish you all the best Sean! I wish you good luck in all your future endeavors. i hope everything turns out for the best.	labels:with the computers.... the felony follows you everywhere.  there is no escape.  life is not fair, but this is beyond unfair.  this is brutal. goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello How r u.	labels:Hello. I'm a bit stressed actually.
text:Tell me more please. What is causing the down trodden.	labels:I don't like my job. My boss gave me the impression that she was a decent lady when I interviewed and was hired on, but now I know she is pretty awful. It makes me dread going to work.
text:May I ask if you r male or female.	labels:I'm female.
text:What type work are u invloved with.	labels:I'm a special education teacher and I'm talking about my principal.
text:Special Ed is a very important position I commend u. Is the principal a strict person.	labels:Thank you, it's especially hard having to do remote teaching..
text:Is she mean towards everyone.	labels:No, it's not that she is strict. She is disrespectful and a bit of a narcissist.
text:So u are working from home because of the COVID. Is she aware that you are a special ed teacher and not a normal teacher.	labels:Yes, working from home but that doesn't make it less stressful to work. I have to attend zoom meetings with her several times per week and she can pop into any of my classes randomly. She does know that but we had a negative interaction once and she's been horrible ever since.
text:Seems like she is domineering . Tries to disrupt the class environment.	labels:Yes! She is quick to divert blame away from herself and is not a good supporter of most teachers, except the ones she favors.
text:So there a personality issue between her and you. She won't let the issue go. And you r not one of her favorites i guess. How long have you been there.	labels:No, she is pretty petty about it. It was actually easier to deal with when we were in school because I could avoid her. But now we have mandatory meetings... I am definitely not one of her favorites. 1 1/2 years and normally I would change schools but the pandemic has made that harder.
text:Is there anyone above her you could talk with.	labels:There's no way I would do that... it would make things even worse for me.
text:Have you checked with other schools and maybe submitted your resume online to ones that are far away as well. I know with the virus it is hard. Who do u know that u can talk with.	labels:I have looked at other schools but it's hard to try and get a new position in my area. I have a close co-worker who feels the same way I do about her.
text:How many teachers are at your school.	labels:We text one another during our zoom meetings which does take some anxiety off of me. there are 60.
text:So is there a circle of teachers that you can chat with besides your co-worker. Or is there a group who would snitch on you.	labels:On some levels, but she is really the only one I trust.
text:What would it take for you to talk with the principal to work things out.	labels:Being a different person. I'm hoping the vaccine will bring the pandemic to an end and I can move on to another school.
text:how many schools are in your district.	labels:Thanks for your advice. I think I should vent more it does help, even with a stranger.
text:Do u anticipate schools reopening soon. U r welcome. I hoped it helped to release stress..	labels:thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hello I'm Sean how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm not good. And you?
text:I'm having a fine day, tell me why your not doing so well my friend?	labels:My exboyfriend broke up with me because we fight a lot.
text:When did you break up?  How long have you been dating.  Why do you fight so much?  Any reasons in particular? I'm very sorry that your boyfriend and you are fighting a lot.  Tell me what's going on.	labels:Few years ago. We have been date for almost one year. We fight for many things. Perhaps the fights are silly but we fight a lot, and I think it's normal to fight but not all the times.
text:One year is quite a while.  You should know each other's pet peeves by now.  can you explain some examples of reason why you fight. Birds of a feather flock together meaning that fighting with each other does not work and never will.   I want to know what you fight about to see if it is silly or not. Can you give me a few "silly" examples?  I wont be embarrassed.  As long as he is not physical abusive most things can be worked out due to communication.	labels:We're looking for restaurants and I didn't want one of what he said and then we start arguing.
text:Try and find food that you both enjoy and compromise.	labels:We're cooking and instead of him helping me, he was disturbing me and then we start fighting.
text:say he wants pizza and you want chinese, say well you know what lets get a burger so neither of us win or loses.	labels:probably it's true.
text:Tell him that if he wants his food he needs to leave you alone.  you need to sit down and have a serious talk with him. listen to me.	labels:Yes, we're going to talk about it. it's better for both of us.
text:go to a table and comfortable table and stare at him straight in the eye.  Tell him your concerns that you are fighting too much and that it is ruining your love and relationship.  STARE INTO HIS EYES and see what he says.	labels:The eyes is the key. for everything. I'll do it.
text:If he is evasive, the eyes are the windows into the soul.  Make him promise you that you will stop fighting or else you are going to find another man who will appreciate you.	labels:a ultimate for him.
text:it's called the take-away in psychological sales.	labels:It's going to help me. I didn't know thay.
text:of course it will.	labels:that*
text:look it up. do you love this man?	labels:I'll look it up. Thank you. yes, I love him. Thank you. Bye.
text:Then you sit down and have a serious talk and do what I say and see what happens. EYES ARE KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!	labels:Ok, I'll do it. thanks. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:hi there! how are you feeling today?	labels:i feel depressed.
text:i'm sorry to hear that. is there a specific reason you are having these feelings?	labels:i feel alone. i feel like i do not have any one to talk to when it comes to my emotions.
text:I understand. I have been feeling quite lonely too, I find myself feeling lonely at work and struggling to find someone I trust to talk to about these emotions. Do you have a friend or family member that you trust who might understand some of these feelings?	labels:i do have a few friends that i think i can talk to about how i am feeling however the thought of them being too busy with their work is what prevents me from reaching out to them.
text:I understand. Correct me if i'm wrong, it sounds like you're nervous to open up to these trusted people because you think they might be distracted by their work to provide the empathy you need and fully understand how you are feeling. Does that sound right?	labels:you know i think that you are right about this. it has always been difficult for me to open to others even with those that have been there for me when i needed someone. i feel like a mix of emotions nervous but at the same time wanting to reaching out for help.
text:I understand these feelings very well. Sometimes, my fear overshadows my want for help. I find it easier to open up to others through writing rather than face to face. Have you considered putting your feelings in writing and opening up to trusted friends and family in this way?	labels:i have been writing for a while but due to my emotions i have stopped writing like i used to. when i did write i did notice a change in my feelings it became more positive and less depressed. now that i stopped writing its like i went back into depression.
text:It sounds like writing your feelings down helped you greatly in the past. May I suggest going back to writing and even letting someone you trust read what you have written down to understand how you are feeling?	labels:yes writing has been a huge help for me. i would take your suggestion and begin writing again to feel better. and i have let others read what i wrote and they have said it has helped them get over their depression and helped them understand me more.
text:That's great! I am glad to hear that you will begin writing again. Thank you for opening up to me about your feelings. How do you feel about the solution we have come to today?	labels:now that i was able to talk about how i feel with you and you giving me a useful suggestion i feel less depressed and feel motivated to write again. your help has been really helpful for me.
text:That's wonderful! I appreciate your honesty about how you are feeling. I am proud of you for seeking help. Is there anything else you would like to discuss?	labels:thank you so much for helping me. and that is all that i would like to discuss. you have been a big help for me.
text:I am glad I could be here for you! I am hoping you continue to feel better and your writing helps to work out these feelings.  Thank you so much for being open with me. I hope you have a fantastic rest of your day! :)	labels:thank you. hope you enjoy your day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello. How are you?	labels:I'm honestly having a rough time.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Could you tell me about it?	labels:Sure. I just lost my job and school is out so I feel like I have lost purpose.
text:Thank you for telling me. I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do for your job?	labels:I was a manager of a retail store that closed.
text:I see.  That's a very important role for any business. I bet there are numerous other retailers out there looking for a good manager to hire.	labels:That is true, I am just not sure if that is what I want to do anymore.
text:I see. Well then, if this helps.  The store closing might have been a positive thing, so you could find your next passion..	labels:That is a good point.
text:I will also add, that being a Manager means you have some very important skills that would translate well to your next job, or anything you decide to do.	labels:That's true. I know the experience will help me but I still miss it.
text:Also, let's say you decided to work for another company, something new, outside of retail. Because you were a manager, you could also be promoted more quickly because of your management experience..	labels:That is also true. I guess I just need to decide what I want to do now. That is probably the most difficult part.
text:Yes, it sounds like a part of you still misses the retail environment. I see that too. My best advice, is take a few days to think about what you really want to do.  Think about what you are skilled at. Then decide which route you want to go.  I know there will be numerous options out there for you in retail management, but if you wanted to do something different, there will be opportunities there too. Because you have options, you will likely pick the choice that will be most fulfilling for you, in something you will be passionate about - so this will likely be very positive for you..	labels:That is really nice to say. I guess I am also just scared to go for something and have it not be as fulfilling as I thought.
text:that's possible. but you will have plenty of options either way. Could be a different retail store, or something new..	labels:Yeah. It is a big decision, though. Thanks for talking it out with me.
text:Yes, of course. Take some time to think it through. Weigh your options, and the pros and cons of each. Then pick the option that will be the most rewarding for you..	labels:Sounds like a great plan. Thanks again!
text:Thank you for talking with me..	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Hi, I'm doing fine today, but just a bit annoyed...
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what's bothering you?	labels:My family was intending to get together for the Christmas season, but we had to cancel our plans.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, will you be spending the holidays with anyone?	labels:I will be able to spend it with my mom, but I've basically been planning this trip for an entire year.
text:Do you live far away from your family?	labels:Plane tickets & everything, but COVID-19 has made me cancel all of these plans. Just annoyed and frustrated. We live in Chicago & they live in Boston.
text:I can understand that, covid has messed with so much this year.	labels:It's also cut into a few of my hobbies too. It amazes me how this year has turned out.
text:Yeah, it's been a struggle for sure. I think not knowing how long we're going to be in this state of uncertainty is what makes it more difficult.	labels:I'm glad that you understand. I feel like I'm not the only one anymore.
text:I try to find the positives, which I'll admit get harder to find by the day. But trying to embrace a more simplistic lifestyle, being more present, etc.	labels:Yeah, being couped up in the house all day has been testing my patience.
text:Yeah, we're not far from Chicago and the weather doesn't look like it's going to change that for a bit..	labels:I thought things were pretty complicated back then, but this is definitely simplified my choices, lol. Very windy today for me. I wanted to take my dog out for a walk & cheer up her day, but it's a little too windy for me here.
text:Same here, I'd love to get outside as it usually makes me feel better but wind today and subzero chills tomorrow don't look promising.	labels:Ooooohhhhh, and chilly tomorrow too? Sounds like a lot to look forward too. I appreciate the headsup.
text:But hey, tomorrow's Christmas eve, maybe you can zoom with some of your Boston family and try something new.	labels:Sounds like a great idea! I will definitely try to catch up with them that way! I may not be able to see them in person, but it sounds like a good alternative.
text:Yeah, a way to make the best of it..	labels:I appreciate the support & thank you for your time.
text:No problem at all. Stay warm, stay safe and have a happy holiday!	labels:I feel a lot better now. Merry Christmas!	episode_done:True
text:Hey it is getting difficult day by day .\nHi! I am sorry to heard that. I would be very glad to help if you could please tell me what bothers you.	labels:We are unable to meet our friends and families especially during holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas.
text:I can see why you are concerned. These are certainly difficult times and this pandemic doesn't seem to be stopping anytime now. I understand your frustation.	labels:There should be some other ways to get out of this situation.  Its so boring life.
text:Many apps offer videocalls that you can use to chat with your loved ones though. Zoom is a great one, fore example!	labels:Yes that is one way to connect but meeting in person makes a difference.
text:It surely does. You can always travel, just make sure that you are maintaining social distancing and your mask at all times. If you and your family members follow the protocols, it is very unlikely that any of you is exposed to the virus.	labels:Its too risky to travel.  And with kids you it will be difficult. Besides you never know what will happen so don't want to take risk of travelling.
text:I understand. It's especially risky when kids are involved. Hey, you need to remind yourself that things will not be this way forever. A vaccine will be developed soon, and things will be just like they used to!	labels:You can't  just stay home all day as you cant go shopping to malls or watch a movie in theatre!! Its so frustrating. It feels like your life has come to a full stop.!!
text:When the pandemic first started, I felt like I was frozen in my life. Nothing was happening and any signs of progress had stopped. I can definetely relate. However, I found that exploring new hobbies and focusing on improving as a person were great ways to take good use of time.	labels:Absolutely there could be other ways where you can  focus you mind into like gardening was my hobby which I had started again during this pandemic.
text:That's great! I heard that some people are even deciding to grow their own food as much as possible. That greatly helps the environment and avoids pollution and global warming. Are you planning on applying that as part of your gardenning hobby?	labels:Not really but I like watching the flowers bloom and see how my vegetables were growing each day. I loved watching the birds and butterflies around beautiful blooms. That gave me a bit of positivity in life.
text:It's great that you are doing an activity that you enjoy. I can just imagine how beautiful of a scenery that creates.	labels:Yes of course  and it helped me to teach my kids a bit about nature too. They seemed to be interested in gardening also.
text:Teaching your kids is a great idea! Not many kids nowadays enjoy a lot of outdoor activities. Being in connection with nature is important to maintain a balance and increase our happinness overall.	labels:Yes that was the best way to connect with nature . They could just pluck out the fruits from plants and eat them right away which they had not done for quite long time. They surely had fun.	episode_done:True
text:Hi I'm sean how are you doing today?	labels:I'm not doing well, I was angry with my friend who broke up our trust. And you?
text:what is a frie your boyfriend and how did he break up your trust?	labels:No, it's not my boyfriend, it's a friend.
text:So tell me what happened.	labels:I used to trust my friend but she told everyone what I told her, however I told her that it's not to tell anyone.
text:Unfortunately, i hate to sterotype but women do this quite often.  it depends on the severity of the information you told her.	labels:Yes, I know. I have no idea if i'm going to forgave her. Probably no. Do you think I should forgive her?
text:If it was something extremley important, say jail worthy, I would get rid of her immediately.  If it was something dramatic but not extremely dangerous, I would sit down and haev a serious talk with her. It all depends on the situation, how long have you known her, what is your trust in her, how close are you?	labels:It was my feelings. I know her for a long time. I can't trust her right now however I think I need time to think about it.
text:Ok let me think one second.	labels:ok.
text:Good friends are very hard to come by and find.   i would suggest sitting down with her and explaining how serious this hurt you and that she cannot let this happen again.	labels:Yes, it's true. But I'll wait one week and I'll talk to her.
text:I would ultimately give an ultimate.  You will forgive her this one time.  If it happens again, anything even remotely similar, you part ways and say goodbye as you cannot trust her with important information.  If you give her important information and she tells everyone that's not a true friend. I would advise to approach the situation as soon as possible to advocate the seriousness of the situation.	labels:Well, i'll do it.
text:Unless you don't think it's a big deal..... ;)  I know you can handle this well.  I wish you the best of luck darling.  I'm sure it will go much easier than expected but look her straight in the eyes and tell her what you want to say.  do not move eye contact.	labels:But I'm not going to talk to her right now. I'll try it.
text:it's at your leisure.  The eyes are the window to the soul and if you make her promise to do it and keep eye contact. then that is a contract that cannot be broken.	labels:Very true. It's how you trust them. Thank you. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hai!\nHello! How is everything going?	labels:very bad , I felt very depressed because I lost my job. How are doing?
text:I am sad to hear that, could you argument on why this happened and when? I am doing well, thank you.	labels:I am a software developer due to covid-19 I lost my job. do you refer me with your friends and collegeues.
text:Since you are a software developer, isn't there a possibility for you to work from home? Many companies are offering their employees being able to work remotely. I understand your depression, losing a job is not easy, but I am sure that you will get through this.	labels:I have 3  years of experience , now I m working as a free lancer  , earning very low.
text:I have heard of sites like fiver where people work on their own. With enough exposure, you can make a living out of it, and you get to be your own boss!	labels:Yes its good but not much earnings.
text:I used to do art on fiver. Yes, you are right, it is not a lot, but hey, we have to start somewhere! If anything, you can always try and look for new job opportunities. I am sure you will see some amazing results with your 3 years of experience!	labels:I used to works as software developer , apart from job what are your hobbies?
text:I like playing videogames and doing art. I find those activities to be relaxing.	labels:I am very bored to seek job , but I applied in many job seeking websites ,. Are you diagnosed by COVID-19 , what are the techniques you used to cope the current situation.
text:I would suggest to wait some time, maybe one of them will call you back! And no, I have not been diagnosed with covid. I try to remain positive and remind myself that a vaccine will be developed soon.	labels:Thanks a lot buddy, I never expect from u , god bless you! I won't believe the vaccination is the effective measure .
text:It has been a pleasure!	labels:Vaccination creates many side effect.
text:I agree, but don't you think those are worth given that you might gain covid 19 immunity? I personally plan on getting myself vaccinated as soon as I can.	labels:are you believing our government too bad..
text:That comes down to personal opinion, and is important that we respect each other choices. Is there any other concern that I might help you with today?	labels:Do you like movies?
text:Sometimes, as a way to distract myself yes.	labels:I love to watch movies horror movies.
text:If it helps you to get distracted and provides you with joy, absolutely!	labels:Do you smoke and drink alcohol?
text:No, I don't find that to be healthy, and I don't enjoy them.	labels:My alcohol consumption is increased I can't cope myself from this depression , Sure I will leave it.
text:Relying on alcohol or any other addictions as a mean to cope with our problems is a bad idea. Make sure you don't abuse it's consumption. Do you have anyone you can talk to about it? Like a close friend or a family member?	labels:Thank you very much.
text:You are very welcome, talk to someone if you need to!	labels:please finish the conversation would you?
text:You are the one that needs to do it!	labels:I have asked many question you just replied questions so please close the conversation.	episode_done:True
text:we work in teams nobody besides me did anything and advisor did never say we where behind or anything.\nHI! May I help you?	labels:yes our team seems to be failling the senior project. advisor never said that there was issues, prof does not want to hear it. team mates not doing a lot and I had 3 surgeries in the past 2 month.
text:Why are you worrying? Ithink you are the best team member in your team.	labels:now i might have to go an addittional semester to college. well we either succeed all or nobody.
text:Let's calm down. You can discuss with your professor.	labels:I tried but he does not want to hear it he said we all need to do this together and due to restrictions we would not be able to complete on time.
text:You can meet all the team members and may meet the higher official to solve the problem.	labels:He said there is nothing that can be done...he just brushes it off, and how do i tell my parents i need another semester to finish my degree.
text:Make an effort to solve it .Because there will be a solution for each and every problem.	labels:well it seems the solution right now is to start over and add a semester...
text:You can provide the doctor certificate and meet your parents to professor so that the actual reason can be understood by him.	labels:I understand that part but it takes 3 semesters for a senior project so if i resart since this one is declared a failure i will have to add a semester...thats more money and maybe i loose the job i was to start. maybe I am just freaking out???
text:semester may be started. so, don't worry. If professor not doing, you can directly approach you principal.	labels:you think it makes me look like a failure???
text:No, I dont think so.	labels:but if i was your kid would you be disapointed?
text:Make a positive approach.	labels:so you think i just need to talk to them?
text:Yes, but I make an effort to solve it. So, I need you to talk again.	labels:ok i will try. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:What is the problem i can help you with.	labels:I am having a lot of depression and anxiety due to undergoing chemo for a cancer diagnosis. I don't know what to do to help me feel better.
text:I am sorry about how you are feeling. I can understand how being in that situation can cause you to have anxiety. Do you have a support system that can help?	labels:It comes and goes in waves. Sometimes I feel strong and other times I feel so weak.
text:I personally have dealt with depression and i know how isolation all of that can be. Sometimes i find it helps to give yourself time to feel what you need to feel first before trying to feel better. I personally have dealt with depression and i know how isolation all of that can be. Sometimes i find it helps to give yourself time to feel what you need to feel first before trying to feel better.	labels:Yes. That is true, but it can be so overwhelming at times.
text:Yes it definitely can..	labels:What are some things that you do to feel better?
text:I personally like to write out my feelings in a journal and sometimes i listen to music that makes me feel happy. Do you have things that you enjoy that you have tried to do? I personally like to write out my feelings in a journal and sometimes i listen to music that makes me feel happy. Do you have things that you enjoy that you have tried to do?	labels:I also journal. It helps sometimes. But I can't stop thinking about my family and how hard this is on them also.
text:Have you tried speaking to them about your feelings?	labels:Yes. They are very supportive. That is one of the things that make me so sad. I hate the thought that this disease may take me away from them.
text:I can understand why this is all sad. I would feel the same in your position.	labels:It is getting somewhat better and you have been so much help just being their and letting me vent.
text:I am glad its better glad I can let you vent.	labels:Yes. You have been a help. I hope that you have a great day.
text:I am glad i could help you. I hope you have a great day yourself.	labels:I will since you made it better. Have a very Merry Christmas.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning how r u. Hope u r having a good dfay.	labels:Hello.
text:How r u today.	labels:Not really. I have been sad for a while.
text:What seems to be the issue. Can you talk about what is going on.	labels:I found out that my boyfriend who I thought was serious with me got involved with someone else.
text:Wow that is not a happy situation. How long ago. I can assume you had been together for awhile.	labels:It was going on for couple of months but I only found out last week.
text:Had you been together for awhile.	labels:We were together for over a year but we got serious quickly. At least that's what it seemed like because he talked marriage.
text:So he wanted you and made you feel special. Was the other person someone you knew as well.	labels:Absolutely. He said all the right words. But I guess he did the same with this other girl. She was actually his ex but he told me they were done.
text:Seems like he was playing the field not just you but the other as well. Did he have children with his x. I can understand your sadness.	labels:He was. Except she still doesn't know about me. No children.
text:Has he been contacting you lately.	labels:It is very hard for me because I feel lost. He was a huge part of my life and I thought my future. Now I don't know what to do.
text:was he your 1st love.	labels:Not my first love but the first guy I talked marriage with. He still talks to me. It is kind of hard when you are used to talk a lot every day for over a year.
text:How did you meet each other. He must still care because he is talking with you, but he is also involved with his x.	labels:His family member was a friend of mine.. I think he does but it is more convenient to be with his ex.
text:Has the COVID interfered with you. There is another way to look at this.	labels:Yes it has. We are in different countries and his ex is in the same country as him.
text:You sound very attractive and other men would love you fro who u r. So it is safe to ay the chances of seeing each other is going to be impossible for a while. Would it be safe for you to try and chat with someone online that would care for you.	labels:Thank you. I hope it will get easier with time. It just takes me a long time to fully trust someone and this experience just made it a lot worse. I think I will go stay with my family for some time. That way I won't feel lonely and I won't miss my ex as much.
text:It may take a little time but watch your heart. it is very easy to break.	labels:True. At least I can rely on my family.
text:Surround yourself with family and friends. You might be surprised the person you meet wil be right there waiting.	labels:Yes thank you for the encouragement..
text:Love is a funny Thing. U don't see the true love until you are in a spot of least accommodating. Step out and be patient. Don't allow feelings to control u but let your heart tell you it is real. Hope this helped.	labels:It did. I needed to talk to someone about it and I needed some encouragement.. Thank you for listening to me and thank you for your help.
text:Just be yourself. Have a Merry Christmas.	labels:Will do. Thanks again, you have yourself a Merry Christmas too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?	labels:HELLO. how about you.
text:I'm doing well, is there something I can help you with today?	labels:yeah, i need some.
text:What seems to be the problem?	labels:i have broken up with my girlfriend yesterday.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. I imagine you must be feeling pretty bad? Is there anything I can help you with?	labels:yeah, im feeling so bad. i can't handle the loss of her in my life.
text:What happened to cause you to break up with her?	labels:we have some misunderstanding for a while. she is very aggressive when we talk about that problem.
text:What exactly is the problem?	labels:I find that she has an affair with her cousin.
text:With her cousin??	labels:yep!! when we talk about that, she did not accept to leave him.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that, that's terrible. Does she not see it as a problem that they're cousins?	labels:I advised her not to betray me. but she did not honest with me.
text:What can I help you with? She clearly isn't right for you.	labels:and finally in an argument she break up with me. but i love her very much even though she left me.
text:I understand that must be difficult, time will help get over her and what she's done to you.	labels:I have no idea, what to do now.
text:I'd suggest taking some time and help yourself realize that you're better off without someone who doesn't have your feelings in their best interest.	labels:I tried so.
text:It'll take more than a day but you'll meet someone else and realize what you deserve.	labels:I think so. but i can't tell this to my friends and family.
text:Why do you feel you can't tell them?	labels:because they also become so sad when they know this.
text:Well, I know it's tough but they can help you throught his.	labels:ok, I will tell them about this.
text:Good, I hope they can help you through this and you find some peace in your situation.	labels:yeah thankn you.
text:Is there anythign else I can do for you?	labels:nope.
text:Take care and try to enjoy the holidays, stay safe.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! how are you today?	labels:I am not fine.
text:Why is that?	labels:My colleagues always talking bad about me behind.
text:Oh I see.  Your colleagues talking about you has you feeling down today.	labels:Yeah. It makes me very sad.
text:I understand why that would be so.  I have had a similar situation happen to me before.	labels:How did you solve it?
text:I totally understand why you are sad.  It's very hurtful when someone talks bad about you.	labels:How to solve the issue? I need a solutions.
text:Well I convinced myself that their opinions did not matter. Also, I confronted a few of them alone to find out why they were talking about me. Another thing that you can do if nothing else works is to move to another department or even another job. But before you do that try and find out what the problem is exactly.  Maybe it is not as bad as you think.	labels:I had asked them about it. but they does not reply me. I already asked them.
text:In situations like this people tend to feel more powerful when they withhold information.  They are more than likely very immature and insecure.	labels:But they are doing many things behind me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hello.
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Good, thanks, you?
text:I am well thank you. What would you like to talk about today?	labels:Great. I would like to talk about my old friend.
text:I understand you have been having some issues with your old friend. Is that correct>	labels:yes that is correct. I don't talk to her lately anymore though. I am sad that she does not want to talk to me anymore.
text:Why do you feel that she does not want to talk you?	labels:well I text her and I don't hear back. on facebook message as well.
text:I can understand that it is difficult to feel ignored. Could it be that she is not receiving your messages?	labels:Well that is possible. But she used to respond and picked up my phone call while she did not answer my text.
text:It could be that she is not much of a texter. I personally don't answer calls but always reply to texts.	labels:I agree. Oh sounds like you're the opposite of her. I could still call her. hopefully she answer. s.
text:That sounds like a plan. That way you can speak to her, and you can even find out if she has some issues with texting.	labels:what if she does not answer my call?
text:Do you have mutual friends?	labels:yes that's true, hopefully she just picks it up. yes, I have not talked to her in ages.
text:You can do it. Otherwise you may not find out what is going on.	labels:Thanks for your encouragement, I can try. I can text her on Messenger and probably she will respond. It was great to have you as a supporter.
text:Definitely. If it doesn't go as planned then perhaps you can think about other friends you can talk to.	labels:I think you solved my problem, great idea, always there is next.
text:I am glad I had the opportunity to chat with you. I wish you all the best.	labels:Thanks, you too! have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you today?	labels:I'm doing okay.
text:Do you like to ask something?	labels:How can I manage the stress of school?
text:Are you studying from home?	labels:Yes, and it's depressing not being able to go out because of covid.
text:well, it is tough. But it is safe, too.. And you do not need to drive, you are close to the fridge, too.	labels:Yes, I have a fridge in my apartment? I do go out for fun, it can be relaxing.
text:That's true.	labels:I find it difficult to stay motivated if I'm in my apartment all day.
text:Do you have a balcony? Or can you go out to a back-yard? Or is it too cold now?	labels:Yes, but it is very cold.
text:Well, the school is almost over. we are facing Christmas, New Year...	labels:Yes, but my school starts soon, in a few weeks. It will be stressful again.
text:We all need some break from staying in front of computes all the day long.. After holidays, who knows...	labels:Yes, there is hope.
text:We do not need to face a risk of driving through the snow.... and be in a good shape... Listening to meditation and concentration music might help....	labels:Ah, I see. I think meditation can be very helpful for calming the mind. That's good advice.
text:I use some small weights u to keep muscles in tonus..	labels:I see. Thanks for talking to me, I feel more confident about my school.	episode_done:True
text:hello. I'm very nervous about my job.\nhello. im so sorry to hear you're nervous about your job. what are you nervous about specifically?	labels:Well, I just finally got my job about a month ago. I haven't worked for most of covid. But, I think they may start letting go staff because its getting really slow. FYI, it's new york, and it has gotten really cold. People might be worried about getting sick. i mean regular sick, as well as covid.
text:So you are feeling worried about potentially losing your job? That does sound very difficult. Especially after not working for months and just finally getting a job. I personally lost work for a bit of time due to covid. It can be tough, especially in New York things are not that great health-wise.	labels:That's true, but they're not as bad as they were. I feel pretty safe. They make us get tested twice a week. I can't be unemployed again. I just got on a lease!
text:I am glad they make you get tested and you feel safe. That is the most important thing.	labels:It was like one day we were soooo busy that we had a waiting list the whole day, then the next it was crickets. It didnt help when they forced us to start closing by 10. We just created this amazing winter wonderland and i get to go in this little hut out there and stand by a heater and serve people holday drinks all by myself. its amazing. i cant lose that.
text:That sounds like an amazing job!.	labels:I'm depressed just thinking about it. I only got to work in there because its only for christmas. Before I had to stand outside by the door under a heat lamp and seat people. But I didnt mind. Should i pre-emptively start looking for new jobs?
text:Is the job good only temporarily? Like do you aim to keep this job or is it only a holiday job?	labels:I plan to keep it as long as possible. Its the most amazing working environment I've ever had. Would it be unprofessional if I ask my manager if my job is in danger? What do you think i should do?
text:How would you approach asking the manager if your job is in danger if you were to do that?	labels:Idk, really. What should I say?
text:Well, I remember once being unsure of my job. I approached my manager and with all professionalism, I asked if there was any way I can do more for the work. That helped me at the time. I never specifically asked if my job was in danger, though..	labels:so you mean, demonstrate my willingness to be helpful?
text:Yeah, exactly..	labels:Ok thats great advice.
text:Do you feel comfortable talking to your manager?	labels:yes. thank you.	episode_done:True
text:How are you feeling today?	labels:Hi, not so good to be honest. I've been feeling very depressed recently. I've been doing very bad in this class and that is just not like me.
text:Oh, so you are usually a pretty decent student? I'm sorry to here that you are experiencing this.	labels:I was up until this pandemic started. I feel like this shift to online learning has really taken it's toll on me and my learning. I've tried reaching out to my professors and doing virtual group study sessions with my class mates, but for some reason, things just don't seem to stick that well.
text:You know, a lot of students are really struggling with this new learning style, so it's very understandable.	labels:Really? I feel like everyone around me is doing fine and that makes me feel that there is something wrong with me. Maybe I'm just slow?
text:Most people where masks of content, so you never know how much they are struggling. It's not always beneficial to compare yourself to others. Are you having issues with focusing?	labels:I think so? I think it is just the way the material is taught now. We have these "Zoom" sessions where everything is taught online, but it just all feels so impersonal. We are expected to read things on our own and then come to class ready to do these activities. I just prefer the old style of attending classes, having someone teach me the material, and then going back and studying on my own. I think it is also the social aspect of this pandemic too. I haven't seen my firends in person in a very long time. I'm worried that if my poor performance continues, then I might loose my scholarship.
text:What happened when you reached out to the teacher?	labels:He just gave me some additional books to read, but I did not find that helpful. I really do well when I have someone teach the material to me, not just tell me to read on my own. But maybe I'm not able to do well because I'm stupid. I know I should be able to understand things on my own, but I just can't seem to do that.
text:I think if you could teach yourself, the class wouldn't exist. Does your class have a study group? Usually schools offer free tutoring, because students volunteer to do it for credits toward a teaching degree. have you heard of that? There is always a way. You have to be smart to get a scholarship. You deserve to be in that class as much as anyone else.	labels:I have tried the group study sessions, but I feel like I don't retain as much. I just get very discouraged when I see how smart everyone else in my class is. I don't know if my school offers free tutoring now. They used to, but I am not sure if they are still offering it due to the pandemic. I'll try that though. It might help to get one on one attention from a past student who did well.
text:Well, they most likely do it over zoom. But it's better because it's one on one.	labels:And thank you for the words of encouragement. \
text:You're absolutely welcome.	labels:I'll try your advice. Hopefully, things will take a turn for the better.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How're you doing?	labels:I'm ok. how are you.
text:I'm doing well, thanks. Why are you only doing okay, and not great?.	labels:I'm going through some things at the moment.
text:Many people are at this time. Is there anything in particular that is bothering you?	labels:I've been feeling a lot of self doubt lately..
text:Me too, winter can be rough.. Do the people around you value your work?.	labels:Tell me about it/ I'd say so, yes.
text:Sometimes I get seasonal depression during winter, I'd say it's relatively common. If they value your work, then you must be objectively doing okay. Maybe you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.	labels:Yep, SAD is not fun. For me it's year-round though. Maybe. I push myself a lot to the point where it is detrimental at times.
text:Have you tried exercise? Research shows it can help with depression. Depression can be caused by atrophy of certain brain regions... Getting the blood flowing can help.. Exercise probably will help self-esteem too.	labels:Unfortunately the cycle feeds itself. Depressed, can't get out of bed, not exercising, more depressed, etc. Good advice and I am trying to get back into it. Thanks.
text:Yes, putting on your shows is often the hardest part..	labels:you said it.
text:shoes* With proper health, things grow better in time, like a plant.. we're only human, lol.	labels:I like that saying, thanks. although the irony of saying we're only human while comparing to a plant is kinda funny. goodbye. thanks for the chat.
text:I used to garden and was surprised how specific the nutrient needs and care are for each type of plant needs in its specific way. I think humans are kind of like that.	labels:yes indeed.
text:Good bye, thanks for talking to me.	labels:i am a biology student who happens to love plants.	episode_done:True
text:I was reallly worried in this suitation.\nHi, i'm sean, hows your day going.	labels:Was not so good.
text:Tell me about the situation.	labels:How was your day.
text:Boring.	labels:It really very stress full and depressed situation.. Why your day is boring.
text:Don't worry about my day, i'm 34 and retired i do this to help people, tell me about your situation.	labels:My suitaion is really very sad and depressed.
text:I was a homeless drug addicted junkie for over 10 years. Tell me how yours is worse sweety. Tell me why you are so sad and depressed.	labels:I had breakup with my partner ,it was really very horrible to me to overcome .
text:Was he abusive, tell me more.	labels:I tried a lot but i couldnt forget him at all. He was not abusive at all.
text:So what was the problem? Tell me more. I can't help you if you don't talk to me darling'	labels:i was really a bad suitation. i am stressed and depressed right now ..
text:Tell me about it. with covid-19 yout not alone.. what was it about your situation that was so bad? did you lose your job? why are you so stressed? lack of financs. depresseions because of lack of job finances etc... lover?	labels:yes i am alone. i didnot lose my job. i had a break with my partner so i am stressed. i am want to over come my stress and depression. what can i do for it.
text:put on a fancy dress, nice makeup, do your hair, and go to a classy bar.	labels:k i will do it.
text:take a man home with you.	labels:in this can i overcome the stress.
text:I guarntee your depression will be gone and the anxiety will take some time.	labels:thank you for the suggestion.
text:you never know, the man you meet might sweep you off your feet and put a ring on your finger.	labels:it will be really good miracle. thank you. bye.	episode_done:True
text:hi. how can i help you ?	labels:hi. i am really angry.
text:are you saying that you are angry now ? what happened dear?	labels:really angry at my friend.
text:can you tell me what happened so that i can understand ?	labels:i told him a secret about my self in private and he played a stupid pranks that reveals it to other people i don't like.
text:It's ok dear. did you asked him why he did that?	labels:he said he was drunk.
text:just remember, yesterday is gone. there is really nothing you can do about the situation. you better keep your distance from that particular person. just remember, yesterday is gone. there is really nothing you can do about the situation. you better keep your distance from that particular person.	labels:ok. and i already keep my distance from him.
text:learn from your mistake and don't do it again dear.	labels:yes i won't. funny thing is he didn't remember what he did that night.
text:yeah. we can't control others. right ?	labels:absolutely.
text:yes. it totally depends on how mature the person is. just forgive him and keep in mind for next time whether you should share something with him or not.	labels:i am definitely sharing my secret anyone ever again.
text:yes. let it go and don't confuse it again. trust me. you became stronger by this.	labels:i hope so.
text:yes. don't think much and sleep soon dear.	labels:i will sleep soon. it's nice getting the feeling out.
text:i am happy to hear this dear.	labels:thanks for the chat.
text:welcome dear.	labels:take care.
text:you too dear.	labels:is that a good bye.
text:yeah . do you want to talk about something else?	labels:nothing else for now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:hello.
text:How are you friend?	labels:i am in depression friend, don't really know what else to do.
text:What' s your problem friend?	labels:i was furloughed and getting another good job is like mission impossible.
text:don't worry. Try to do your job enthusiastically..	labels:the is no job anywhere. i have to go to the food shelter last month. that how bad things are going.
text:Do you know of nay business you own?	labels:didnt get you.
text:ok.	labels:i have been going all around looking for a part time job but nothing yet.
text:don't worry, keep trying.. Definitely get a good job, keep trying..	labels:yes i am still trying every angle. thanks, i will keep trying.
text:very good. All the best.	labels:thanks. good luck to you too. nice talking to you.
text:Thanks a lot friend... me too..	labels:and please is there any other way i can get job easily. i have tried all my best.
text: Do you search on social web sites.	labels:no not yet.
text:give it a try and you will definitely get a good job.	labels:ok, i will. thanks for that.
text:ok good luck.	labels:same here. thanks.
text:Hmm ok, anything else?	labels:nothing at all. you have been more than helpful.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing?	labels:Hi, I'm ok. How are you?
text:Not bad, it's a peaceful night. Anything in particular you'd like to talk about?	labels:That's great. My job refused my request to continue to work from home. So I was pretty much forced to go into a school where the cases are growing.
text:I imagine that's very overwhelming and stressful to think about. Are there at least some type of protocols and protection in place for your well-being?	labels:Just to make sure I'm wearing my mask, washing my hands, and social distancing. Which is not enough. There are more and more teachers getting infected and I just feel it a matter of time before it my turn. I fear that I will bring this home to my family and I will not survive it. I have pre existing conditions.
text:I'm sorry that you're having to deal with such stressful circumstances. You can only control what you can control. Have you discussed these concerns with the school and explained the preexisting conditions? I get it though. It's scary for everyone at this point.	labels:Yes I have explained to my principal, my team, and got a note from my Rheumatologist..
text:It seems to me that they should take that information into consideration..	labels:I feel that way too. I was told it for the best interest of the school that I am there I do not have student in my classroom but I'm forced to help out around the school with students and staff. Teachers are not cared about its just about pleasing the parents it crazy. I can't quit because there not much to go into now.
text:Is there someone else you could go to about this? Besides whoever you've already attempted to discuss it with?. Yeah you're right. Covid has been a mess for everyone and affected us in so many ways that e could've never prepared for.	labels:I've tried contacting HR a few times but I have never received a call back, or my emails answered.
text:I mean all you can do is try your best to stay safe but I would continue to reach out to people higher up and see about getting something done. They probably get a lot of calls and emails right now because of everything going on but I would keep trying.	labels:Very true. I'm going to keep trying. Thanks for talking with me letting out what I feel has made me feel a little better.
text:Thank you for talking with me too! I hope it has helped some. At least you know you're not alone....	labels:It really did help I feel a bit lighter. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:hi I need help. I'm under academic stress.\nWhat are you stressed about?	labels:I am failing one of my classic. I'm worried about my scholarship.
text:Oh, Covid is really having a negative affect on a lot of students, right now. Has school from home had anegative affect on you?	labels:Yeah, I feel like I can't focus because I'm back home with my family and I just feel like there are so many distractions.
text:It's interesting that you find being home more distracting than being away in a dorm.	labels:Yeah thats really the reason I wanted to go away from college. I dont really have my own space when I'm here. People just come in and out of my room as they please in spite of how busy I am.
text:Yeah sometimes families can struggle with the idea of boundaries. I also went away to school for similar reasons, but I actually found college life way more distracting tbh. Have you told your family about the issues your having?	labels:I honestly am worried that they will be disappointed. Maybe that's crazy. I just remember how proud they were when I got this scholarship. I don't want them to blame me.
text:OK, that makes sense. Have you spoken tried speaking to your teachers.	labels:Yeeah thats why im not officially failed. My teacher gave me an extention on my final. So, I'm working on it, but i just can't focus.
text:Okay, then I think you need to find a place you can claim for yourself. Either you can tell set up a study schedule with your parents and request to not be contacted during that time frame, then if they don't seem to have the ability to abide by that, you could try the outdoor seating of a starbucks or even an ikea or library.	labels:I actually was thinking of going somewhere else to study. but i actually like the idea of a schedule better. I will try that first. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how can I help you?	labels:Kind of mad.
text:May I ask the reason why you are mad?	labels:My friends got me banned on Playstation. People I've known for 4 years.
text:were their actions accidental or intentional?	labels:Intentional. First it started from one person cuz my friend put me on speaker about something. and apparently I said something that made one person mad. I was on a PHONE CALL.
text:Did you say anything offensive?	labels:Kind of. My friend asked what is up and my girlfriend of course was nosey and said bad cuz my mom is harassing us. I was saying my mom has been ripping me off and keeps threatening to kick me out. So I just said. I honestly am at the point where I don't care if she is around or not. So someone reported me for some bs thing on playstation cuz they think I must be trash if I don't love my mom or something.
text:I see.  If that is the case, create a personal meeting with you and your friends (the ones who banned you)..	labels:My mom is kind of a draining person. I thought of being around because she has been going through low hemoglobin. But she keeps ruining my life. I wish I could. I don't even know  the jerk. The rest of them then did it because they don't like my girlfriend.
text:just to clarify, are these online friends?  Have you met them in person?	labels:Online friends. I only know one. the one who was on the phone with me. he just can't keep a call private for anything.
text:and now for that one friend, does he know the other friends personally?	labels:Even my nephew who plays with those jerks was avoiding me because my girlfriend. yeah... So... my girlfriend has this condition and was in a hospital for high contamination in her blood from her bad liver. So she was talking weird. and everyone was calling her annoying.
text:I'm sorry to hear that..	labels:But those insensentive morons don't care she literally almost died. Instead, everyone just keeps asking why am I with this disabled girl. Like... she is better now. She just needed to recover. People I knew for four years... going out of their way to mess with me.
text:The best advice I can give you is to try to get your friends together on a private group call.  Then tell them that what they've heard was a complete misunderstanding.  And tell them to unban you from playstation.. However, if they do not respect your response, then they can't really be relied on as your friends.  They don't come to respect you so it is best for you to move on..	labels:Yeah. I mostly tried to stay to my myself. Right now they're mad at me because they got all warnings from Sony. since they did an investigation on how everyone speaks.
text:Nobody should demoralize another person and that is what your "online friends" are taking advantage of..	labels:Even my own sister is giving me crap because my nephew almost lost thousands worth of games.
text:Also send a report to Sony about the ban.  I believe with the proof, they can appeal the ban for you!	labels:cuz of the warning... Like I can control what these people do when I'm offline. I did... they said they can't do anything. and that I can just report them. Kind of sucks but I guess I will just stick my lane. Karma already banned someone in the group. took $2000 worth of games. so that gave me a good laugh.
text:In that case just keep reporting them. .	labels:I would but that would just get my nephew banned. He still is at the point where he blames me. it's crazy4.
text:Ah I see!  Don't get your nephew banned!	labels:Yeah. He actually said he hates my guts. and remove me from authorizing his games. even though I paid for over 100 dollars of the content.
text:how close are you to your nephew?	labels:Very. Which is why I am more angry. That he is siding with people who disrespect me that much.
text:If he's relying on your payments for the content, then I suggest for you to stop the payments until he learns his lesson..	labels:Well my friend just said it's my fault for buying ourselves game on his account.
text:He clearly does not respect you so you need to set up some discipline and ground rules..	labels:that prick. For now... I am just left on my own.
text:Honestly, he's your nephew.  So the fault lies on his parents..	labels:Maybe so. I think he'll get around.
text:But I really do hope you get your account back.  I'm sorry of how your online friends have treated you and your girlfriend..	labels:Yeah. She started thinking all of my friends are like that but she figured out I have some good ones. Yeah. Thanks for the advice.
text:And I hope my advice/suggestions have been helpful!	labels:It was thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:hey.
text:How are you friend?	labels:Not so good.
text:why? Any Problem?	labels:I feel like everyone hates me.
text:What's the reason?	labels:People are so rude and mean to me. A lot of people call me annoying too.
text:it's their fault , not yours. don't worry..	labels:I feel bad because more than one person has said it. Maybe I am just annoying.
text:Be as you always have been.	labels:Sometimes I'm afraid of being myself because I don't want to annoy people.
text:you don't think so..	labels:Sometimes I hate myself.
text:don't change yourself for  anyone..	labels:I guess I shouldn't. But it's hard to express myself sometimes.
text:ok, i did understand...	labels:Im not really changing myself. I'm too afraid to express myself. What if I express myself and I annoy someone?
text:it doesn't matter what others say about us, do your duty properly ok.	labels:Sometimes what other people say bothers and hurts me deeply.
text:don't think about that..	labels:Sometimes its hard to not think about it.
text: share your comments it is their choice whether to accept or disagree, but you don't change anything.	labels:I understand.
text:Hmm good.	labels:Well thank you. im okay.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Good evening, thanks for taking the time to talk with me.
text:No problem. How can I help you tonight?	labels:I am having issues dealing with my feelings about ending my long term relationship with my children's father.
text:So just to make sure I understand, you are struggling with dealing with ending a long term relationship with your child's father.	labels:Exactly right, after 15 years and 4 kids, he cheated on me and the affair produced a child.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. My ex-fiance cheated on me and got pregnant with another man, so I know how rough this type of thing is. Have you been able to talk to him about it yet?	labels:At this point, I don't want to talk, I am so disgusted I want nothing more to do with him, regardless of the kids.
text:Have you talked to the kids about it? It will be important for them to understand what is going on and why.	labels:The kids are pretty smart, they found out and was mad at first, but now they are accepting, which is making me even more disgusted. I have even started to resent my kids for it.
text:I think it would help to sit down and have a conversation with them about it. It is important that they know how you feel and that you are there for them, and that they aren't the reason for the issues.	labels:I did at least sit down with the kids about it, told t hem how I felt, explained the nature of the situation. But they weren't on my side, they acted like they were on my side at first but then switched up on me, made me feel like I was the one wrong!?!
text:Have you thought about seeking a group of people who have been through this same situation that you are going through now? It often helps to talk to people who have been through the same things and get their help to get through the situation.	labels:Apparently that's you smh lol.. How did you feel? What did you do?
text:This is true I suppose. I made sure to have a conversation with her first in order to get some closure on the situation. After that I focused on more of my hobbies that I hadn't been able to do in a while in order to keep my mind distracted and off of the situation.	labels:I'm still not ready to have that conversation with him. He's acting like I made him cheat on me. Maybe I should find some hobbies to distract myself until I can myself to that point.
text:I think that would definitely help! What are some things you like to do?	labels:How do I deal with my feelings of disgust? I like to color, I like to read, I like to do puzzles.
text:You have to know that it wasn't your fault. He was the one who was unfaithful and there is nothing that you did to cause that. This was something I had to keep telling myself as I was trying to process everything. Sometimes it isn't easy, but you are your own biggest supporter. It wasn't your fault.	labels:That definitely gave me some strength and closure, thank you so much!
text:Not a problem at all! I know it's really hard right now, but I know you can make it through this!	labels:With your kinds words and advice, I think I can now! Have a great night, thank you for taking time out to help me.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHow are you?	labels:I am good. How are you?
text:I doing well. How may I help you?	labels:I had a fight with my best friend.
text:I understand that you have a dispute with your friend. Is that correct?	labels:Yes, She asked for a help and that day I couldn't make it.
text:What kind of help, if I may ask?	labels:She wanted me to take her for the shopping and I was busy that day. She thought I was making excuses.
text:I completely understand your frustration. Sometime work life balance is overwhelming.	labels:I was so upset that she was not ready to understand and created a fight . I was angry on her.
text:Have you discuss your frustration with her?	labels:yes, but still she thinks that I was making excuses that day. She is not ready to listen.
text:Experts says that when someone get emotional waiting some time might help reduce the tension..	labels:You mean should I give her time?.
text:That is correct. After some time, when emotion is down, you both can have a discussion about the incident..	labels:We have been friends since childhood. For this reason I don't want to loose her. I will try your suggestion. Thanks.
text:Thank you. Anything else I could help you with?	labels:I will wait and try to talk to her after a while. Hope it will work. Do you have any other thought which I can try?
text:I don't have any at this point in time..	labels:No problem. Thanks for all your help. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.	labels:Hello.
text:Is there something you want to discuss?	labels:yes. My birthday's coming up and I feel a lot of self-hatred for what I've failed to accomplish by this age.
text:So it sounds like the birthday is a time for self-reflection, and you're not happy with where you are right now?	labels:yea that's right. It's weighing heavy on my mind at the moment.
text:Is this something you've felt on previous birthdays?	labels:yes, the older I get the worse the feeling is. I didn't used to hate birthdays when I was younger.
text:I'll confess I have felt the same way, especially with "milestone" birthdays (30, 40, 50, etc.). Do you think you are possibly expect too much in terms of achievements?	labels:Yes, those are hard. My 30th was difficult. Society has so many wrong ideas of where people need to be, and it just doesn't apply to me. I'm so different from normal people. maybe, but being autistic, even average achievements are hard for me. I have to work so hard just to be average. May I ask, how did you deal with your own birthday depression? Maybe I can learn from you.
text:As I became older, i started to wonder what terms like  "normal people" and being "average" really mean. Am I comparing myself to something that even exists?	labels:That's what I've been thinking about too. It probably doesn't exist, but society would have us believe otherwise.
text:That's so true. It's tough to deal with. But I will same, as I became older, I just stopped caring as much about what other's think. It just happened.	labels:Yep, it sure is. I figure people stop caring that much when they get older.
text:Also, I'm sure there are some things in life you are good at, even if those aren't what society seems to value.	labels:I've already stopped caring what people younger than me think. They just seem so young to me. yea, it's just hard when I struggle so much with employment. My issues really keep me from succeeding in jobs. Sure, there are things I can do; but they don't seem to help me with anything important in life, if you know what I mean.
text:Yeah, I hear you. Are you talking to others -  such as professionals, etc. - about your autism?	labels:I was forced into therapy as a young person. I think it put me off seeking professional help because I hated the experience. But I talk to other autistic people in support groups online. Also, I'm sorry to cut this off but I need to go soon. I want to tell you you're quite compassionate and kind.
text:Being "forced" to do anything is usually a turn off. But it's good to hear there are groups online to help.	labels:I've enjoyed talking to you. Yes indeed. It's not a great experience unless you choose it.
text:Oh, thanks. It's always nice to have a real conversation with someone.	labels:For sure. May I ask if you're planning to become a counselor? I didn't know if this simulation is for people to get training for that type of wokr.
text:I haven't planned on it, but I am looking for a career change. But no, this wasn't training for me. Not sure what this simulation is all about :)	labels:Oh cool. I think this is a pretty interesting platform. haha me too, but it seemed interesting.
text:Yep. Oh well, hope this was worth while for you.	labels:I came here the other day and never got matched with anyone so I left. Thanks, it was. And you seem really cool. I guess we can wrap up since it's over 15 mins. and they said we can stop after 15 i think.
text:Thanks. Be sure to do something enjoyable on your birthday..	labels:Thank you:) Hope you enjoy your day/night.
text:OK. Do I just hit "Quit"? I forget.	labels:I think we both have the finish button. So we can click any time. I'll exit now. See you:)	episode_done:True
text:hello, how're you?\nGOOD. What bring you here today.	labels:I'm feeling rather sad. I used to have a very close-knit group of friends, basically my best friends. We would talk all the time, hang out together, and basically just do everything together. Because of Covid, I've had to stay in my house and basically not associate with anyone else. My friends don't even try to talk to me anymore. I understand that life goes on without me, but they could at least try. They never even offered to wear a mask around me. They would make fun of me when I wore a mask. They didn't support my decisions when I was trying to still be a part of the group while also protecting my family (since they are all high risk)
text:So what I hear you saying is that since COVID your friends won't talk to you and that they make fun of you for wanting to wear a mask and protect yourself?	labels:Yes. Sure they've tried to stay in touch but it's always me starting the conversation. Or if they start it, it only involves "hi how're you, good how're you," and then the conversation ends.
text:I am sorry to hear that your friends have been so distant lately.  Have you tried to ask them why they have been this way?	labels:Yes. They say that because I'm not hanging out with them physically, it's hard. They also say that I don't put effort into conversations when I feel like I am the only one putting in effort (which I have stated and they have said I don't).
text:So what I hear you saying is that they have backed away from you because you have chosen to take precautions due to COVID and they are choosing to not? Is that correct?	labels:Yes this is correct..
text:Well you are being smart by doing the right thing and protecting yourself and others during this time.  You should not feel bad about what you are doing.	labels:Thank you. I just don't know what to do in this situation. I don't want to keep reaching out when I don't feel like they actually want to keep in contact with me. I know we could still get along well, but it's hard when I'm the only one to make the effort.
text:Do you have any other friends besides this group?  Do you have other people that you could reach out to that are social distancing that you could relate to more during this time that you would have more in common with right now?	labels:I have very few that have similar thoughts as me that I have tried to reach out to. But most of them have their own lives, boyfriends/girlfriends, and things they do. Mostly everyone seems to be hanging out with people which leaves me physically left out..
text:What hobbies or activities do you like to do?	labels:I play field hockey so I train a lot in my basement (because I'm scared to go out to the gym), I listen to music, read, watch Christmas movies, and I love talking to people. Honestly, I'm okay. I have my family and other things to occupy my time. It's just hard finding other friends right now in the times we're living in.
text:Field hockey that sounds like an exciting sport to play!  That does sound like it would keep you busy. Have you thought about the possibility of meeting people online that share some of the same things that you like to do and that you could talk to ?	labels:I don't want to go actually practice on a field right now because 1.) It's rather cold outside 2.) I have to wear a mask 3.) I'd only shoot on goal, waste gas, and a good chunk of time. But when I have other people it is fun. I haven't tried that because where would I even go? I don't want to be desperate either ya know?
text:I understand that you feel that you would look desperate but you said you like reading book so there may be some online book clubs that you could join.  I know that I have been involved in those and I didn't feel like I was seen as desperate since there are so many people that want to be social but don't want to put themselves at risk.	labels:I never thought of that! That's is an amazing idea -- maybe I will look into that. Thank you for talking with me today.
text:I am so glad I was able to help. Maybe we can try and set up another time to talk again?	labels:Sure!
text:Sounds great. You can let me know if you found a book club.	labels:Awesome! Thanks again for everything -- and merry christmas. or happy holidays sorry.	episode_done:True
text:I'm sooo pissed at my friend!\nHi. I see that you are upset.  I have been at times as well.. What about your friend is making you upset?	labels:I was completely betrayed by him!
text:What about him has made you feel betrayed?	labels:I told my friend I kind of have a thing for this guy in our friend group and he actually told the guy! This guys has a girlfriend and I'm really cool with her. Now everything is soooo awkward.
text:I have been in situations where similar comments have been made.	labels:My friend has been drinking a lot and he cant keep his drunk mouth shut. I'm like ready to completely dump him as a friend in a minute. I mean, it's covid. He should just stay tf home.
text:Could you tell him that he could see a professional that could help him quit drinking? What ways could you find some support groups  for your friend regarding his issues?	labels:I mean, I have sort of said it before in a really joking way. But now i'm worried it may be a problem. I feel like if he wants help he should find it himself.
text:It might be worthwhile to recommend him look into getting some counseling about his issues that you seem to think are a real issue.	labels:he has completely isolated me from ppl i care about.
text:How long has this isolating been occurring? I know that your friend has a lot of issues to address, but you can give him an impetus to look at changing for the BETTER.	labels:Well, one time he got drunk and kept calling me ugly in a joking way while we were at a party with a group of new ppl. He seems to have an agenda to embarass me.
text:There is a group like AA (Alcoholics Anonymous) that could be a great support for your friend. I have dealt with friends like this, but the sooner he can get help for his alcohol issues, it could better your relationship with him.	labels:I think I have to ask him to get help and withdraw my friendship, completely if he chooses to continue the way he is.
text:I am glad to provide suggestions like AA and other support groups.	labels:Thank you very much.
text:What else can I help you with? Were my suggestions helpful?	labels:Yes, I guess I just wonder if I should include our other friends.
text:I feel that the right suggestions can help.  Alcohol can be a real issue with maintaining meaningful relationships.	labels:Is it betrayal if i tell them that he has been drinking excessively?
text:You could also be part of his support group if he agrees to AA. No, I don't feel it is betrayal. You care about him. Do you have any more questions or concerns for me to reflect on?	labels:I do. care. I'm also fed up. No I feel like i know what I need to do. Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello. How may i help you today?	labels:I had misunderstanding with my friend and I have fear that I am gonna loose her.
text:Can you explain to me what the misunderstanding was about?	labels:I was bit busy and wasn't able to talk to her for a few days, so  she thought I was ignoring her.
text:Ok i see so she thinks you are ignoring her?	labels:Yes, she thinks I am ignoring her, but I never meant to do that. I tried to tell her that I was busy with some work, but she thought I was lying to her and now I'm very sad.
text:I understand how you are feeling about that I would be upset to.	labels:What should I do to still be friends with her? I don't know what to do anymore!
text:Have you tried to talk to her again recently?	labels:Yes. I even texted her and called her. She opened my messages but didn't respond and she even ignored my calls..
text:I would give her 2 or 3 days to her self then try to talk to her again.	labels:Its been more than 3 days and I have given her time. I don't think I can wait longer. I might loose her.
text:Maybe you should go up to her house.	labels:Due to the COVID cases right now I am trying to not risk the safety of others and myself. I don't know that going up to her house would be the best option at this moment :(
text:Right i can understand.	labels:We have been friends for so many years and I do not know why she is acting like that. I do not want to loose this precious friendship..
text:I would suggest just keep trying to talk to her and apologize and tell her you been really busy and was not trying to ignore her. Send her a apology card in the mail.	labels:I appreciate your suggestions. This sounds like a good option. Thank you so much for your help!
text:your welcome I hope yall will work it out.	labels:I hope so as well.
text:Things will get better for you to.	labels:Hope you have a wonderful Holiday..	episode_done:True
text:I am sooo pissed at my ex.\nHai.	labels:hi.
text:why? Any problem?	labels:well we were together for 3 years. he broke up with me a week ago but we're on the lease for the apartment and share the place with 5 other people. He moved into the room we had open. but now he's turning my roommates against me. i think he's pissed because i'm dating my other ex again.
text:oh, you settle elsewhere.	labels:you think i should move?
text:yes.	labels:This place is amazing tho and my dad is the cosigner. the landlord would never let my roomies take over the lease with their credit. i'm thinking of kicking all them out, actually. i dont want to. i just want to be friends witgh everyone again. we were all so close.
text:ok clarify your friendship value.	labels:I have 2 roommates that actually moved here with me from my previous apartment. The rest r new but they're sweet and we've really bonded. we all tripped shrooms together one night and we are like really close now.
text:ok, tell your friend what you think.	labels:it's just sooo uncomfortable to discuss. what if im just being paranoid. i mean part of me feels like they just feel awkward and arent icing me out on purpose.
text:clarify, what you think.	labels:i mean no one has specifically said anything to me that was negative, but suddenly i feel like people are avoiding me. we used to hang out in the living room all the time and we would eat these big meals, but yesterday i came home and they were all cooking with my ex. they said they made enough for me but it seemed like such an after thought.
text:That problem would not be possible  if you did not speak.	labels:you mean if we DID speak?
text:Tell them what you think in your mind and they will surely understand.	labels:i think i just want to know that we're all still friends, i guess. I want our house to feel like home, again.
text:ok, you clarify your reasons for them.	labels:ok, yeah you're right. I just need to have a conversation with them. I guess. thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you tonight?	labels:Hey. It's the middle of the day where I am located and I'm well thanks. I have the day off work today.
text:Oh! I live in KY and it's 8 pm at night! lol Well, good afternoon to you!  A pleasure to meet you, how can I encourage you today?	labels:I have no local close friends, they all live overseas. With the holiday season it gets lonely as there's no one in my city to celebrate Christmas with.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. I am in the same boat! We have no close friends and family near us, we moved here to a very rural area in KY some years ago, so I understand.. Do you live alone?	labels:Yeah I do.
text:One thing I started doing was calling a few people I met online on the phone to just chat. I started that about 2 months ago and it REALLY helped with my lonliness. I had to step out of my comfort zone as normally, I'm not a phone person..	labels:How did you meet them online?
text:On FB in groups. I got to chatting with the same people, then began to inbox and then asked them if I  could call. If you are in a group, you could even ask if anyone else would like to connect as friends. I am a woman, so I just picked women..	labels:I feel like I would struggle to establish a connection with someone over the phone. There are no restrictions in my city at the moment so I would really like to meet some people face to face.
text:I was just thinking of ideas for me to make local friends too. Perhaps you could invite people to your home for Christmas, then when they say they have something occurring, perhaps they will realize you are alone and then invite you?. Are there any churches feeding people on Christmas? Sometimes that is a great way to meet others and help too.	labels:Sadly most people here spend Christmas with their families and are quite private about not inviting outsiders. Last year I spent it with a friend but he is going to his family this year. I can find out about churches, I have no idea.
text:I know it can be very difficult to be alone, why not input your town name in the FB search ad, maybe join local groups to see if there are any civic activities too..	labels:Yeah I'll give that a go.
text:There always seems to be people in the same boat I am in, it is just a matter of thinking outside the box and perhaps even calling friends and asking for suggestions. I will definitely say a prayer that you find some people to share a meal with..	labels:Thanks for listening and for your suggestions.
text:You are welcome. Don't give up, keep trying. It is hard. I've been alone a few times in my life and while I like to be alone, sometimes I really want some people in my life! :D .	labels:Yeah I do enjoy my alone time, just not around the holidays haha.
text:I totally get it..	labels:Thanks and have a good night!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. Is there anything bothering you that you'd like to talk about at the moment?.	labels:Hi. Yes, I'm having a hard time because last year my dad died a few days after Christmas.
text:Oh I am so sorry! Dealing with bereavement is hard at any time but at this time of year I think that it is even worse..	labels:When people ask about Christmas plans, I don't want to depress everyone. But I can't pretend everything's okay.
text:So you feel as though you have to avoid people because you do not want to make them feel bad that you are feeling bad?.	labels:I don't know... I know my friends would be supportive. But then I feel like it's selfish of me to bring people down, when this whole year has been a downer for so many of us.
text:Well let me ask you - if the situation were reversed, would you feel that a close friend was bringing you down if they talked about their bereavement?.	labels:Maybe, but I wouldn't mind that.
text:Well, perhaps your friends would not mind you confiding in them either? That is what good friends are for, ultimately..	labels:Another thing is that my mom had died in January, the same year. So everyone has already dealt with me grieving all year. I don't want to just be associated with sadness for everyone.
text:I am really sorry about that - that is a seriously rough thing to have had to deal with. Do you have siblings and if so could you perhaps talk with them?.	labels:I have a brother, but his wife is really terrible, and they are very close. He and I text some, and I try to keep that up. He doesn't need me the way I need him...
text:What about some sort of professional therapy? There are some organisations out there that will provide a certain number of sessions for free.	labels:Hmm, I didn't know that. I'm on a waiting list for a therapist through my medical insurance. I live in sort of rural Oregon, but maybe I could get help by text or video...
text:That is a good idea, especially at this time when it's probably not a good idea to see too many new people in person. Could you call your doctor and ask them?.	labels:The issue is finding someone you click with. I think that's hard. I'm not sure my doctor could do much for me - she's already got me on the waiting list for therapy through her organization.
text:Have you tried searching online? I have personally found some useful groups that have helped me deal with the mental health issues that I have..	labels:If it wasn't for COVID, I'd probably look into support groups... Oh yeah? Can you recommend anywhere to start?
text:There are plenty available online where you would not need to see anyone in person. Try googling for support groups in your local area?. I'd really recommend doing that, it could help you a lot! I wish you all the best and hope that 2021 is a better year for you..	labels:Okay. I also just moved to a new state, and don't really know anyone yet. It's a hard time for making new connections. Thank you - best wishes to you, too!
text:That is tough ... so you are feeling uprooted as well as bereaved? I can only hope things go well for you.	labels:At least I'll never lose another parent...
text:That's a slightly macabre way of looking at it but .. true.. Have a lovely festive season.	labels:You too. Bring on 2021!!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:How may i help you today?	labels:I have a co worker who sleeps all the time at his desk.  I physically work hard everyday.
text:I can understand how you are feeling..	labels:It makes me mad.  No one says a word to him, he just sleeps and gets paid for it.
text:Has anyone else noticed him sleeping all the time at his desk?	labels:My boss said (I have been there for five years) to me one day did I see DE sleeping at his desk? I was floored that it seemed he never saw him do it before.  How could he not?
text:That is really weird how can someone not see him sleeping at his desk.	labels:Very weird.  I am one of the oldest men there and I am always expected to jump in and do work that is manual labor.  Very frustrating to see someone else just sleeping.
text:Have you talked to your co worker about it?	labels:It really would not be my place, it would be up to my boss.  He obviously said nothing. .
text:if your boss said nothing to him then maybe you should step up and say something even though you are right that is not your place.	labels:I keep hoping that one of the upper management team will walk by one day and see him.
text:Your boss does not sound like a good boss at all and not doing his job correctly.	labels:Definitely not being fair across the board, in my eyes.
text:i feel like you should have like a serious talk to your boss about it.	labels:You're probably correct.  I may feel better just getting it out, even if the situation does not change.
text:I don't want you feeling how you feeling because you are doing your job and you are doing everything you can to solve the problem.	labels:Thank you, that helps hearing that from someone. .
text:How long has this been going on? Your welcome.	labels:Seriously, over two years.  True.
text:How many times have you confronted your boss about it?	labels:I never have, I just looked at him like are you for real when he asked me if the guy was sleeping the one day.  I had to bite my tongue not to say, yes, and he does it every day!
text:So he must not believe you.	labels:Well thank you for letting me get this out.  I appreciate the advice and I will definitely think over talking with my boss.  Have a good night!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you today?	labels:Really bad. My 10 year marriage is failing. Things have not gotten better.
text:What happened?	labels:That's the thing. Nothing really happened. No cheating, drugs, or abuse. I suppose the euphoria has worn off, and she just doesn't find me interesting anymore.
text:I understand how you feel. Have you guys tried spending more time with each other? Maybe going out on dates?	labels:Maybe we haven't done this enough in the past. We both had busy careers. I tried initiating this last year, but without success. Maybe, I was too late..
text:Its never too late to put spice back into the relationship.	labels:I hope you're right. Do you have other suggestions about how to do so?
text:Show her that your still love because by being spontaneous. Surprise her with gifts. Maybe take her on a random vacation somewhere. Have a deep conversation about how you are feeling and that you still love her and want her in your life. It might take a little bit but its better to try than not to try at all.	labels:I think your suggestions are very helpful. A vacation is currently out of the picture due to COVID. I want to try having deep conversations, but I don't know where to start.
text:Start by talking about whats going on. Tell her how you think you guys should spend more time with her. Or that you dont want to lose her. Ask her if there is anything she might want to discuss. She maybe having issues shes afraid to talk about.	labels:I think you hit upon something. She is quite hesitant in talking about issues. Do you have any thoughts about marriage counselling? We've never tried that.
text:I think that would be a good idea. Having the chance to get things out and getting more advice is always helpful. Make sure you leave any issues at common ground.	labels:If my wife is the one having issues with conversations, do you think a male or female therapist/counsellor would be better? I want her to feel comfortable expressing herself.
text:Most likely a female therapist would be better. Nobody understands a woman more than a woman.	labels:I think that sounds like a safer choice. I was also hoping if you have suggestions for me personally. I am quite depressed and I am having problems getting through the day.
text:I suggest taking one step at a time. I wouldn't rush through things. I would suggest sitting down and talking through some things that are going on. Maybe taking some time away from work. Going out and spending time with each other as much as you can.. If you guys think you may need a marriage counselor, I highly recommend it. I think it would be a great start.	labels:Thank you very much for your response. You have been very helpful. Perhaps, one last question - my wife and I have been hiding our problems away from our teen-age son. Do you agree that we should continue to keep it from him?
text:Depending on the nature, I think you should let him know whats going on. He may already know.	labels:Ok, thanks for all your help again. I feel much better now, and hopefully I will get through this.
text:I know its really hard, but I think you guys with work things out. Have hope. Times are stressful, especially in this day and age.	labels:Take care, friend, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Is there something I can help you with? Would you like to tell me how you're feeling?	labels:yes. i have been facing trouble in my job.
text:Right now, are you still employed?	labels:yes.
text:What kind of troubles are you facing at your job?	labels:there is an announcement that my company has decided to give layoff to 50 percent of their employees.
text:Oh, I can understand how worried you must be! Do you think you will be laid off?	labels:yes .
text:I am so very sorry to hear that. Do you mind me asking what type of job it is?	labels:i am working as a supervisor in a private manufacturing company. currently working from home. feeling so depressed regarding this issue.
text:I have been in a similar situation and understand how scary it is. Have you been looking for another job or are you waiting to see if you are laid off?	labels:yes i am trying for another job, but is not so easy to get in this covid 19 pandemic situation.
text:Yes! The pandemic has turned the world upside down, it seems like..	labels:yes that is main reason for depression.
text:Have you thought of going back to school or have you completed your education?	labels:i have completed my bachelor degree.
text:I am so very sorry that you are struggling with depression..	labels:yes, i cant know how to get  normal from this depression.
text:You have been a supervisor and you already have your degree, so you are ahead of lots of people. Have you been able to see a doctor or a therapist to talk to?	labels:yes ,.
text:And I know that sounded presumptuous of me to say "you are ahead of lots of people", but it does seem like a "positive" in your favor.. I'm glad you have been able to talk to someone..	labels:thank you. i am also feeling so relieved while talking with you.
text:I feel like the world is in some kind of "holding" pattern until the pandemic is under control.. I'm glad just talking has made you feel a little better!.	labels:yes this pandemic situation gives more tough situations. lets pray that the pandemic situation will come to an end soon.
text:Amen to that!.	labels:amen. thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there!\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:Oh, not too bad - and you?
text:I'm doing well. How can I help you today?	labels:I'm just getting frustrated with a cousin of mine. I really appreciate her support through stuff like both my parents dying last year, and I'm trying to support her, too... But she'll be set off by completely unpredictable things. I try hard to avoid any possible conflict, but she finds a way to get hurt anyway.
text:I can understand why this would be frustrating for you. Its good that you are trying to support her. Have you talked to her about the way you're feeling?	labels:We hardly ever talk on the phone, which sometimes would be easier. I just feel like she's so close to losing it all the time, I don't want to seem critical.
text:Do you think she is any sort of danger that someone should know about?	labels:Only in the sense that she could have a nervous breakdown, or collapse from exhaustion. She's really strong, though.
text:That is understandable. Do you think it's to the point where maybe you should say something to her about it? Even if you might sound a bit critical?	labels:Well, I have asked her about counseling, and she does have a counselor. Her husband won't do joint counseling. A decade ago, I might have talked to her mom about it, but her mom is now frail herself, and her own husband is a lot to handle. I feel protective of my aunt, too. I almost feel like her counselor doesn't do much good for her, but I know there are different styles of therapy... I feel like the therapist just echoes back to her how awful her husband is, etc (he's not really that bad, but they've grown apart). But if I ever say anything like this, she just doesn't speak to me for weeks. I know I need to try to approach the topic with her. It would be better in person, but that's not easy now. We live 800 miles apart, too.
text:Have you thought of any possible solutions you think could possibly work to fix this issue?	labels:Her issues, or the issue of her blowing up over anything I say?
text:All of the above!	labels:Her time is so jam-packed, it's hard. I paid for her to take a vacation up near me. But she had two of her kids with her, so we couldn't really talk. I wish I could just have her to myself for 24 hours - ha. She acts like the kids are in danger with just her husband, which is completely untrue.
text:Do you think these issues are serious enough to get a proffessional involved?	labels:Well, she has her therapist. I'm not sure what I could really do.
text:You may have to make a decision and determine how big her issues are.	labels:Yes.... I think talking to our other cousin about her might be a good place to start.
text:Yes. How do you feel about doing that? Do you think that would help?	labels:I think it might help... It's one of these things - everyone has so much going on in their own lives... But of course it's also therapeutic to feel like you're helping someone you love. So it might be good for both cousins. All three cousins.
text:I think that sounds like a great thing! Sometimes we just need to get together and help out the people we love going through tough times!	labels:Yes, I agree... Well, I'll give it a shot. Thanks for talking to me.
text:Of course! I hope all goes well!	labels:You too. Have a great holiday. SO ready for a new year, with new promise...
text:You as well!	labels:Bye-bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you this evening?\nHello Doing good. How are doing?	labels:I've been better. The holidays aren't helping me feel better about not bringing much money home to help pay for things.
text:Sorry to hear this,have you ever tried selling on Ebay.	labels:I've thought about selling stuff online, but the cost of selling things online isn't really worth it. I've been trying to use facebook marketplace, but I never have anyone who's interested.
text:Have you ever heard of QVC liquidations,its awesome with some very good returns.	labels:I've heard of QVC, but I've never heard of QVC liquidations. That might be something for me to consider. Can you give me more details about it?
text:If your interested you will need to submit a sellers I.D. or tax id.	labels:I see. Is this something that you've done to make money?
text:Absolutely.	labels:If you don't mind me asking how much have you made using QVC liquidations?
text:I have made close to 12,000.00 in one year just reselling the returns.Also ESTY is  also a great place.	labels:Wow, what sorts of things have you sold?
text:Go to EBAY and scroll down to the the completed section and click it and this will show you the item your searching like homemade items or stuff like back packs that maybe on sell at Walmart and I buy them and see what they are selling for.	labels:Okay, thanks for the suggestions.
text:I have purchased a lot of stuff from walmart and resold it on EBAY. Its fun.	labels:I worked with someone whose boyfriend did that. I've never thought about doing that. I might have to consider doing that so I can feel more helpful to my husband.
text:Down load the Walmart app and when you go scan the item with app and sometimes its cheaper.	labels:I don't shop at Walmart very much so thank you for that information.
text:I saw a seller on EBAY make small surf boards and sold them on EBAY well over a hundred dollars.They were 48 inches long but he made good money.	labels:That is very interesting. I wouldn't think you could make that much from small surfboards.
text:He painted them and they looked awesome.	labels:I wouldn't think that anyone would want a short surfboard, but I guess I don't know anything about surfing.
text:People who own and rent their beach house always looking for some new looks.	labels:I suppose you are right. Well thanks for the helpful suggestions to make more money.
text:Your welcome Don't ever give up there is always ways to make a difference.	labels:I appreciate your help. Have a good night!	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon/evening.\nHello, how are you tonight?	labels:Doing great. How about yourself?
text:I'm doing well how can I help you tonight?	labels:So, the issue I'm having is work-related. My son had heart surgery a few months ago. He now has a pacemaker. He's also in the middle of testing for CP. My job requires that I be around a lot of people. I always wear a mask...but sometimes the people I am with do not. Nor do they respect the 6-foot boundary.A simple cold gives my son a fever of 103. Im scared that if I continue to work, Im putting him in danger. But if I stop, I can no longer afford bills. My son just turned 2.
text:I can see where this would be frustrating. As parents our biggest goal is to keep them safe and healthy. Have you thought about having a conversation with the people you are around to inform them you'd wish they wear a mask?	labels:I have. A few people respected my wishes. But one in particular stands out. A gentleman who told me he had a medical condition and proceeded to get in my face. He got angry at my request. In my shoes, what would you do? Because I feel like Im stuck between a rock and a hard place lol.
text:I understand how you feel. Can you tell me a little more about how it makes you feel when they don't honor your requests?	labels:It makes me feel trapped. Frustrated. I would never intentionally try to put someone else in harms way and I feel like I dont. *don't get the same courtesy. I feel frustrated because I'm REQUIRED to deal with people. I work in construction. I feel trapped because, what are my options? Continue to work.....my son gets sick and dies. His pediatrician has already warned me how deadly this could be for me. And if I quit? No money? I have a 5 year old I have to take care of too.
text:I can see exactly how frustrated you are in this situation. Before I share some ideas do you have any ideas of ways to combat this issue?.	labels:I've spoken to my boss. He was sympathetic about it all....At this point I'm not sure what to do.
text:Alright. Have you talked to your boss about working in areas where you can be around people less? Or possibly going part time for now and finding a lob that puts less danger on you and your family?	labels:Those are fairly decent ideas. The struggle for money would still be an issue if I worked part-time. And I doubt I could find a better job at this particular time. With that being said, I didn't think to see if the boss would let me work in the office for a bit. I know my fellow employees would respect my wishes. Any other suggestions?
text:We are going through some really tough times right now and I think that most people are very sympathetic. Especially for those who are in your shoes. Our children are our top priority and seeing them sick hurts us more than anything. How do you feel about talking to your boss about working in the office for a bit until things calm down a little? Do you get paid vacation time in your job?	labels:That sounds like a reasonable thing to do. I do get paid vacation.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you tonight?	labels:hanging in there, kinda freaking out a little.
text:I'm sorry to hear you are freaking out. Perhaps a friendly listening ear can encourage you? Why are you freaking out?	labels:I think that'll help, yeah.
text:Sometimes just a friend to hear you out and encourage you can really make a difference. Life has its ups and down..	labels:I decided to leave my husband, he keeps snapping at me and won't listen to me or let me do anything.
text:That's a difficult decision you have made..	labels:I'm worried how it'll go though because we have kids.
text:Have you tried to talk to him about the problem? Or a counselor?.	labels:I've tried to talk to him about the control issues, but he doesn't listen. He doesn't know I'm planning to leave and I think he'll try to stop me.
text:I have worked at a domestic violence shelter before, the most dangerous time to leave a situation like this is when you leave.  Do you have a plan in place?	labels:I have some leads on apartments and some savings I'm putting aside, and a friend I plan on living with.
text:My husband used to be very controlling as well, I dragged him to counseling. He changed. He bucked at first, but eventually he went. We have gone a few times off and on over 20 years. We both came from broken homes.	labels:I haven't got 100% of the details worked out yet, but I'm trying.
text:Has he hurt you physically? or is he mainly emotionally abusive?	labels:He hasn't hurt me physically. I often feel like he would but I'm also a child abuse survivor so it's hard to tell if that's true or just a memory.
text:I'm glad to hear that. I can understand that you would be really stressed at this time, however, I do encourage you to get a good plan in place, and definitely get counseling..	labels:I think that's the best idea.
text:Yes, I had child abuse in my life too, I really think counseling saved our marriage, 3 times. But like, I said, he didn't want to go. However, the first time, I did leave and stay with a friend, and that convinced him I was serious..	labels:that's a good thought, I wonder what he'd do if I stayed with a friend.
text:I wish I could fix this, but I can't. The road will be rocky and I don't know how I would have made it without people to encourage and support me, so I'm glad a friend is willing to have you stay with them until you can get on your feet..	labels:hey may not realize I'd leave at all. me too, that's making all the difference.
text:My husband really loved me, but coming from a broken home, he lost his mom when he was 12, so he thought controlling me was the solution, very messed up, but he had to learn to see that..	labels:definitely that makes sense.
text:He feared I would die or leave him or something, but once he saw that, and realized what he was doing was hurting me and making me want to leave, he changed. But honestly, I have never understood men and why they dont' see life the way we do. Sometimes it takes that objective person to help them see it..	labels:I'm not convinced mine loves me, looking back it's beginning to seem like he was draining me for my income and labor.
text:Ouch! That sounds painful to look at..	labels:it is, I think I was super wrong about him and overlooked red flags.
text:People who truly love others become willing to change. Sometimes it takes a DRASTIC measure to wake them up, like leaving. He has not heard you, so many he will "hear" it when you leave. But please be careful and have a plan.. How long have you been married?	labels:eight years, together for 11.
text:That's a long time. I will say a prayer for your safety and for you to get some help, hopefully he will join you. Marriage is a lot of work, but it can't be one person, it has to be two.. Don't leave anything in writing around until after you leave..	labels:absolutely! definitely no paper trail, for sure.
text:I believe in the power of prayer too. The Serenity prayer is a good one to help me let go of my fears and do what I can, leaving the rest to God..	labels:I know that one, it's helping me a lot too.
text:If I worry and get upset, then I waste energy, I have had to learn to get distracted if I find myself on that worry train, call a friend, go for a walk, just not obsess, it goes nowhere.. And I urge you to get a counselor..	labels:that's good advice! I will. Thank you.
text:You are welcome. Watch your thinking, when it goes off track, take charge, change your thinking, get up and move about and do something else because it's not healthy for you to worry. As you said, you freak out, and that is not good for you or your children.	labels:definitely, I think I can do that! I feel a lot better!
text:It's a rough situation, it will be difficult, you seem very intelligent, have thought about this, are working on a plan and are able to discuss it. That's a big plus on yoru side..	labels:Thank you! I'm feeling a lot more confident!	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello. How are you?	labels:I don't know how to cope with Martins anymore. I am fine anyway.
text:What is Martins?	labels:WE have been friends for the past 10 years, I have been trying to ignore his fake and lie life style.
text:My sorry this is happening to you. Would you like to talk about it?	labels:he will never tell you, truth, last week we fix an appointment at the park by 4pm, you will not believe it that I waited from 4pm till 6.30pm... he will tell you I will soon be there. all kinds of lying.
text:I have had old friends do that do me. The best thing to do is let go of them and try to find a better friend. I had a friend that I was friends with for 11 years and she dropped out of the blue. Since then, I have come across a lot of amazing friends..	labels:he will never tell you truth. If Martins is seeing red like this in your front , he will tell you is white. mmmmh.
text:That's really had to deal with. Try to surround yourself with loyal and truthful people.	labels:I really wish to drop this guy out of the blue but it is our business that still attaché us together. He do help me collect my goods from Canada a.
text:Do you guys run a business together?	labels:not really. at a time , I will not want to leave my family to go to Canada for some goods, he do go there often. that is only major thing that still bind us. I should have let he go off my life.
text:I understand. Maybe you could find a better friend to help you go to Canada or take a vacation to Canada sometimes.	labels:ok.
text:Its really hard but  I think you can do it. You will feel much better about not having to deal with lies all the time.	labels:I hate lies, it really pain me if a you lie to me. yes of cause. thanks , for you time. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, My name is DJ, Thank you for your time. How are you?\nHi, I'm Vicky! I'm doing pretty well :) How can I help you through your issues today?	labels:I'm glad to hear that you are doing well. As far as the issue, I'm not sure how you can other than listening and encouraging.
text:No problem! I would love to be a listening ear for you to talk about it and work through anything stuck in your mind.	labels:Yeah, she is visiting for a couple of days. It is great to see her and our Grand-baby. He had to work so he's not here. He's a great guy to everyone else. But not to her. We can see how their relationship has decreased and the little one is copying his poor behavious.
text:omgsh I'm so sorry to hear that. Is this your daughter's partner? I've been in an emotionally abusive relationship before and know how difficult it can be.	labels:It is good for her to be here with us. She can talk with her Mother and pray together. Yes, this  is her husband. I'm sorry to hear you went through the emotional abuse.. It is rough. I've got to be careful not to react to him.
text:From my personal experience, I can say that your support really means everything to her. She may not want to admit the truth to herself, but with your support, I believe she can find the strength to get out of the relatioship.	labels:Yeah, she does know what is going on between them and how it is impacting the little one. And, I am thankful she trusts us with what is going on. They both need support and strength.
text:Yes I completely understand. It's a very delicate situation. I've read multiple times that it takes an average of 7 times to leave an abusive relationship (even though I think I tried even more times than that). She will hopefully one day gather the courage to realize she doesn't deserve to be treated badly. You are amazing for being her support!	labels:Yeah, she has a good support system with her Mon and a couple very close friends. It;s one day at a time, listening and being available.
text:That's seriously great to hear! I don't know what the exact situation is but I do know that she needs all the love she can get.	labels:That is for sure. She will talk things through with her Mother, they have always been close and I help when needed. I'm thanksful she leans on on us. The little one loves coming for a visit.
text:that's all you can do for now until the day that she will be able to take steps to leave the bad situation. I hope that this will be a productive visit from them. At the very least, they'll be able to see what real love looks like from you guys :)	labels:Yeah, Thank you. I've got some ideas chatting with you. Vicky, Thank you. Have a Merry "Safe and fun" Christmas. Thanks for listening.
text:I'm so happy to hear that. I would love to help anyone I can to get out of an abusive relationship because it was the darkest period of my whole life. I wish you the best of luck and Merry Christmas! I think you have to end the conversation on your end.	labels:Talking, listening, praying and making good memories. Recipe for love.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How may I help you today?	labels:hi. I am stressed with my 25 year old moved back from NYC. . My boyfriend and I have a home and my son does not like him.
text:I am sorry to hear that i can understand how you must be feeling. Why does your son not like your boyfriend?	labels:He is going back to school and I am supporting him in that. The problem is that my boyfriend thinks my son should speak to me more respectfully. He gets upset when my son is swears and shows anger to me.
text:Have you talked to your boyfriend about how you are feeling?	labels:He knows that I am torn. I am not going to put my son out of the house. I am also not one to get loud and angry. My son verbally is aggressive.
text:I can understand why your boyfriend be getting upset if your son is disrespectful to you and is aggressive but you know that is your son and you going to be there for him no matter what.	labels:Yes, and I have gotten my son to go to a therapist weekly to try to express his anger about the pandemic and the changes it has brought in his lifestyle. He cannot take his frustrustations out on us.
text:How long has this been going on? Is the therapist working for him?	labels:He came back last March for what we thought at the time would be a month or two.
text:Have you had a conversation with your son about the way he is acting?	labels:He is difficult to get through to. He seems to have traded midwestern charm for NYC bullying.
text:Maybe he should start seeing a therapist every day maybe that will help.	labels:I am not sure that he can afford that, but I have seen small changes in his behavior since he started seeing her. I want him to stop seeing my boyfriend as the enemy.
text:maybe your boyfriend and your son needs to sit down and have a talk.	labels:That may work with a therapist. I have tried to mediate and both were terribly bull headed and argumentative.
text:or you know your boyfriend can plan out a day or something and your son and your boyfriend can go out and do something fun.	labels:I am a quiet person and I want a happy household. .
text:They should have a talk because communication is key and that will solve a lot.	labels:Thank you. You are right. I just want to get rid of the tension in the house.
text:I am sure he will stop the way he is acting it just may take some time.	labels:Thank you. I want him to grow him quickly. He is 25 and is doing okay. No need to be angry.
text:You are right he still got a whole life ahead of him.	labels:Thank you. Have a good evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is life treating you at the moment?.	labels:It is treating me pretty well. How about you?
text:I can't complain :) Is there anything specific that you'd like to talk to me about today?.	labels:What are you hobbies?
text:I like to listen to people's problems. I am training to be a counsellor.  What would you like to talk about?.	labels:That's a unique interest.  How much longer do you have before you are a counsellor?
text:About 12 minutes. Would you like to tell me what is on your mind at the moment?.	labels:Do you have any kids?
text:No I don't. I am here specifically to help you with problems that you might be facing at the moment. Do you have any problems at work, for instance?.	labels:I have a problem with finding work that doesn't need me to work on the weekend.
text:Ah I hear you there! Some employers are so inconsiderate; they expect us to drop everything and work at any time of any day..	labels:I wouldn't mind it if I had local daycares that were opened on the weekend. .
text:Ah, so I hear you saying that one of the things that you are struggling with is finding affordable childcare?.	labels:Isn't the affordable part but finding a daycare open on the weekend at all.  I don't want a private person. I would feel more comfortable with a daycare setting.
text:What are your objections against a private person? Is it that you feel you could not trust them? Do you have any family members who could help?.	labels:I have no family that can help.  Yes, its me not trusting some random person.  In a daycare their cameras and others being around makes me feel more comfortable.
text:Could someone come to your home perhaps? You could set up your own cameras there. And you could make sure to get someone with excellent references.	labels:I wouldn't even know where to begin to look.  Any suggestions?
text:You might be able to find good advice on local parenting forums. There must be other people there who are in the same situation..	labels:Where would I find a local parenting forums?  I'm not very tech savy so I'm lost on all of that.
text:Try going to google, inputting your local area and searching for parenting advice forums :).	labels:That sounds easy enough!  I never thought of this as being an option.
text:I hope you are able to find someone who can set your mind at ease! Thank you for talking and have a wonderful festive season..	labels:You do the same!  Thanks for your advise and time :)
text:no worries :) remember to hit the button and  take the survey ;).	labels:Thanks for reminding me!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello there. How are things treating you at the moment?.	labels:Could be better or worse, how are you?
text:Pretty much sums it up really. I think that that is how a lot of us are feeling right now. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I have been getting migraines lately which is not fun.
text:Ouch I hear you .. I have suffered from those for years.  They are no fun at all are they?. Are you getting any sort of treatment for it? There are some effective treatments out there..	labels:I actually just talked to my doctor today, I am going to track my triggers and see if we can figure out why I am getting them. Also some meds for the symptoms.
text:That sounds really productive. Do you think that the attacks might be stress related in some way?.	labels:It could be but they seem to happen more on weekends so that doesn't really make sense.
text:Hmm yes I can see how that does not make any sense. Do you have any other medical issues?.	labels:No I am in pretty good health, a bit of sciatica from a few years back but that only flares up occasionally. .
text:Well, I believe that there are some new advances in migraine treatment at the moment so I think things will improve for you. I am sorry if I am not being more help.. You sound as  though you are dealing with the problem pretty well though.	labels:Thanks I knoq its pretty hard to fix medical issues with a conversation, I am also a little depressed if that helps:)
text:Ah I hear you on that. Do you feel that this is related to the pandemic or is it something that has been ongoing for a while?.	labels:No this is a very old friend.
text:There are some excellent counselling services available if you are interested in going that route..	labels:Honestly I have a pretty good handle on it, I have done a lot of therapy and I am quite open with people about it.
text:That is a really healthy attitude to have. I think that you are dealing with this very well .. well done!. Back to migraines, have you considered trying to alter your diet to help with it? Some people believe that avoiding certain foods can be really helpful..	labels:Yes I need to start keeping track of what triggers me, Caffeine is definitely off the menu because that sets it off for me.
text:That's a shame - I would really miss caffeine if I had to do without it! I did try cutting out sugar but it did not really have any effect. I hope that you can find some resolution in the New Year. All the best to you and thanks for talking!.	labels:Thanks for your help, Have a wonderful day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you ?\nI'm doing fine , how are you?	labels:Doing ok, thanks .
text:thats good what do you have planned for the holidays?	labels:Not a whole lot due to the economic hardship my family and I are facing. How about you ? as far as holiday plans.
text:I completely understand that i feel that pain as well. are you there?	labels:oh I am sorry to hear that.
text:it's ok there are plenty of other things that you can do with family during this time.	labels:Thats true that should be the holiday spirit and keep hope alive.
text:exactly so what else do you have planned are you ready for the new year?	labels:Cook a good meal and spend time with my kids and spouse. Gifts wont be extravagant this year but I guess its the thought that counts.
text:yes it's the thought that counts and being blessed to be around love ones.	labels:Totally, thanks for that insight.
text:I myself is going to enjoy good food and enjoy hopefully some decent winter weather. your welcome.	labels:very nice, does it snow where you live ?
text:no snow here the weather was really nice today high of 60 degrees. what about where you are at?	labels:awesome. we are dealing with 60s ourselves. which is not too bad either.
text:nice.	labels:How was your thanksgiving ? were you able to invite others or was it just with family ? assuming you are in the US somewhere.
text:Yes in the US , thanksgiving was just with close family members .	labels:great!	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing alright. Just a little sad.
text:I'm sorry to hear your sad. Is there anything I can do to help you?	labels:Yeah, maybe just make a little sense of this craziness I'm going through.
text:Sure, let's talk it out.	labels:My girlfriend has this condition where she needs to drink formula everyday just to keep her brain working properly. And she keeps talking about the potential of kids. I freak out thinking that I could have her die and being left with kids.
text:That's a valid concern and overwhelming to think about I'm sure. What is her prognosis?	labels:Maple Syrup Urine Disease. Basically she can only have 7 grams of protein a day. If she gets more. That could result in severe brain damage.
text:And is this something that she will die early because of?	labels:Not exactly. It just means her liver can't metabolize three amino acids.
text:So if she manages it she can live a relatively normal life?	labels:Yes, for the most part. She still gets very clumsy and can is very prone to sickness getting very bad. So it has it's challenges. I just keep hearing about gene therapy for that I'm just at the point where I'm not I could go on if something horrible happens.
text:Sure, I can see where it would be challenging and pregnancy would be scary. But I'd suggest discuss it with her doctor to see what they suggest.	labels:Her doctor said for her. She has to give blood work all the time... Which for me is insane.
text:As hard as it is to think about, you'd also have a piece of her.	labels:I would probably be a shell of a person if something happens. I just always been terrified of children. I keep telling her but she wants like 3 kids.
text:Do you simply not want kids? Because if she does and you don't, you can't blame it on her condition, that would be making her give up something that wouldn't be fair.	labels:Yeah. I try making that clear. But no one wants her to die.
text:I understand, you may need to have a hard conversation with her.	labels:I don't really have an interest for them. Maybe I'll be there and love them the same at the time. But currently. I just don't see me being feeling any sort of way later. Yeah. I've told her like 20 times. I'm starting to think she can't process normally.
text:Maybe you're not right for each other if you have such different views on this subject. Neither one of you should have to give in to something they don't want.	labels:Well it's not like I actively don't want kids. I just don't want her to die. Or for the kids to die from something I can't control. I had so many siblings die. Seen what it did to my father. And he is not the same. I've been to so many funerals as a kid for young children in my family. I just don't see kids the same way anymore.
text:Unfortunately it sounds like you've had a lot of experience with that, and I can understand that. I've been to my fair share as well. But you also can't live your life in fear or you're not really living. Unfortunately it sounds like you've had a lot of experience with that, and I can understand that. I've been to my fair share as well. But you also can't live your life in fear or you're not really living. Or allowing her to live the life she wants as well.	labels:I suppose that helps me cope. I want her to do what she likes. My mom had me out of the feeling of being lonely. And to be honest. It kind of feels like a worthless existence. She literally made me stay silent about going to a baby brother's funeral when I was a kid.
text:Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. It sounds like you have someone who cares about you and wants a part of you to exist in another living being. I know you're scared and that's valid, but you have an opportunity to do things differently than what your mom did for you.	labels:Yeah. I guess that is a better way to think. I don't want to extend that sadness to my own flesh and blood. Especially the person who values me so much. The doctors trust she can do it and I know medicine is getting better.
text:But having gone through that yourself, you know exactly what NOT to do.	labels:Everyone tells me that. Haha.
text:Then it must be good advice lol.	labels:I really appreciate the advice. I won't make someone else sad off of those experiences. I think people deserve better.
text:You deserve better than thinking your feelings don't count for something. There are people that love you and want to listen and be a part of your life.	labels:Yeah. My grand mother and older sister actively support me. I had an uncle that passed sadly but I know that feeling of love and support will never leave me.
text:Good, I'm glad you have that support.	labels:Well you have been an excellent support system.
text:Thank you, I'm glad I was able to chat with you and wish you the best!	labels:Of course, may you have a happy holiday.	episode_done:True
text:Salutations.	labels:hello.
text:How r u. Glad to meet you.	labels:currently I am stressed. thank you for speaking with me.
text:How might I be of service. No problem. I all ears. What has you stressed out.	labels:i am feeling pressured from the covid19 crisis. job loss has effected me and i have no idea what to do.
text:I hear you there. Are you alone or friend s around. What do you do work wise.	labels:i have friends and family who also suffers from job loss. hair braider.
text:Wow that is a pretty awesome line of work. Is the state stopping you.	labels:no i have to be within 6 feet to do their hair.
text:The 6 foot rule is causing you a problem.	labels:yes i have to be closer.
text:What other type work do you do. Question for you.	labels:none. but i am looking for work from home jobs.
text:Are you able to visit people in their homes.	labels:no.
text:So you could not do house calls. I work from home. Have you thought about online work.	labels:no i dont i want to be safe.
text:That is very understandable.	labels:yes i have but i need more info on how i get into that type of work.
text:I do online work. I write plus copywrite. There are websites that enable you to find work from home.	labels:thats nice what the name of the website.
text:I could name a company that has multiple listings.	labels:o please do that would be wonderful. and thank you.
text:There is a website called Dream Work from Home. She is on you tube also and tells you more about her program.	labels:ok thank you.
text:She has positions especially for women.	labels:ok awesome.
text:Her program is free and she updates it 4 times a week.	labels:whats her name.
text:She helps you find companies.	labels:ok i will look her up on youtube.
text:Her name is Denise.	labels:ok.
text:She is a very awesome lady.	labels:kool.
text:all of her work can be from home.	labels:did she start off doing that or was she employed by another company.
text:She has over 100 companies that are hiring. It is here company.	labels:ok  thats great.
text:you can also wfh even if your shop reopens.	labels:im going to check her out on youtube .
text:Yes. She will tell you all about her program and where to apply.	labels:yes i can but i will have to reduce the amount of clients i have.
text:There is always an alternative to our work.	labels:yes there is.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you feeling today?	labels:Started out ok but now I am so angry and depressed.
text:Can I ask why you feel angry and depressed? Can I ask why you feel angry and depressed?	labels:As I explained, had a fight with my preteen son.
text:It sounds like you are frustrated. Do you mind sharing what the fight was about?	labels:I told him to work on maths worksheet and he did but not very concentrated.  I tried to help him and asked him to neatly write out the formula but then he just started raging and yelling at me. Then he said he has no life after he had played video games for like 3 hours.
text:I am sorry to hear that you two fought! What made you feel that he was not concentrating on his homework? Does he often struggle with homework?	labels:he just didn't like doing things sometimes. but generally is fine.
text:It sounds like you feel he has a loss of motivation towards school work, is this correct?	labels:no, he just didn't want to be told what to do. very emotional these days for kids.
text:Alright, so you feel he has an issue with following instructions? Have you ever tried disciplinary action like taking away video games when he feels he does not want to listen to you?.	labels:Yes I did.  But no point, he just upset on things like didn't get to be with his friends, or having no friends, no life etc.
text:Do you feel he could possibly be depressed?.	labels:I think so. But so am I .
text:It must be even harder during times of the virus!	labels:Yes.
text:I am sorry to hear that, have you thought about seeing a counselor through the internet?	labels:yes may be i have to reach out for his school counseler. thanks for listening .
text:I think that is a very nice idea. I also might suggest finding activities that you both could enjoy and spend time together. Maybe finding a show you both could enjoy will open up room for a greater connection! It could also help both of you feeling lonely during these hard times!	labels:Thanks... I need to find some motivation to do so as well...
text:Do you have any self-care activities that you enjoy doing? This could help feelings of depression. Even taking some time out of the week to do something you enjoy can help lift up one's mood.	labels:I don't have much hobbies but I tried to stay active like going to swim, doing yoga, reading books.  So I kept myself busy already but more for the sake of getting my mind of things, like people playing video games and watching tv.
text:Well I am glad to hear that you have some activities you enjoy! In relation to your son, how do you feel when he plays video games constantly?	labels:He usually is ok but now is holiday I let him play more but got even worst! As if playing games made him even more depressed.
text:Have you ever thought about using the video games as an incentive. For example, if he finishes his homework, he can play for two hours or something?	labels:Yes he usually only play after he finished all his homework on school days. But now school is out I just let him play whenever. But it doesn't make him happier.
text:It is good to hear that the video games did not get in the way of him completing his work. Do you have any other ideas as to what hobbies makes him happy or interested?	labels:I don't know whatelse he wanted to do.  It is like he didn't really have a preference. . Thanks for listening.
text:I think starting with the school counselor is a great idea, I feel she will have more of an idea of how your son functions in school and maybe give ideas to helping his mood.. Yes, no problem! I hope you can find a solution to helping your son.	labels:Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello there. How are you feeling today?.	labels:Im feeling a little down.
text:I am really sorry to hear that. Is it something specific that you'd like to talk about?.	labels:Yes I am being dismissed from medical school.
text:I am really sorry to hear that! Is it related to the pandemic or have you doing badly in your exams?.	labels:i am currently in the appeals process but i havent left the house in a weeks. yes my child was having suicidal thoughts so my attention went there.
text:Please try not to worry. Do you have someone to advocate for you in the appeals process?.	labels:no its all on me.
text:I think you should look into getting an advocate. You have a legal entitlement to have representation..	labels:because of the holidays it will be kind of pointless. they will probably see my cause a few days before the scheduled meeting.
text:Ah I do understand. I have been frustrated when things grind to a halt at this time of year too. Can you ask for an extension on your appeal time?.	labels:No extensions allowed. but thank you for your suggestions.
text:That sounds very harsh, especially given the current situation. I suggest that you find out where you stand legally because I am sure that this can't be right.	labels:Yes i believe so, i am currently looking into alternatives as far as future career goals.
text:I can tell you are feeling really hopeless and anxious right now. Do you have any fun plans for the season?.	labels:i am feeling both honestly i do have plans but do not want to go.
text:I think it would be a good idea to try to coax yourself into going. You will probably enjoy it when you get there :).	labels:i have been to a few trips visiting family i did not really enjoy myself i want to be alone. that is my current problem. i think i am depressed.
text:Have you considered speaking to your doctor? You might benefit from some medication or counselling..	labels:i am currently on medication i suffer from severe depression.
text:I am sorry. I suffer from depression also and am on medication so I can understand your pain..	labels:Thank you. its very hard.
text:Unfortunately the current global situation is not helping any of us. It is terrible to feel scared all the  time..	labels:This is true. thank you I feel a little better knowing im not the only one going through this.
text:Perhaps you could make a list of things that you mean to do in the New Year to give you something to focus on?.	labels:thats a good idea actually. I use to have a journal but havent wrote in it for years. it helped a lot.
text:Make sure to only choose realistic goals so's not to make yourself feel despondent and do not be too hard on yourself if something does not work out!. A journal is a fantastic idea. You can track your personal progress over a period of time..	labels:Thank you youre right i put too much on myself.
text:Unfortunately, depression does mean that we can judge ourselves far too harshly. I have been guilty of that myself in the past..	labels:Yes it has bothered me for years and its like a weight on my shoulders.
text:I hope I have been able to be of some comfort to you and given you something to think about. Have a lovely Christmas!.	labels:you too and thank you again.
text:Take care!.	labels:You too Merry Christmas.	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:hello.
text:how may I help you.	labels:i have this course that freaks me out.
text:okay.	labels:its calculus and i dint seems to get it.
text:yes the course is kind difficult. have you try to tell your friends or someone to put you through?	labels:i did have a friend that put me trough but still couldn't get it right.
text:I know that you have done your best, but keep on trying more ways by telling someone. I know that you have done your best, but keep on trying more ways by telling someone. I know that you have done your best, but keep on trying more ways by telling someone.	labels:how can i go about it if i don't get what i am being thought.
text:I can see how anxious you are, just   as i am chatting with you. You really need assistance to solve the course and pass very well. I can see how anxious you are, just   as i am chatting with you. You really need assistance to solve the course and pass very well. I was also in that shoe, but you can try to move close to someone you think knows the course very well.	labels:yes i am very anxious and scared.
text:you have done best so far, you need to get rid of that fear to understand the course. You can even go online, like download some videos about the course, it will tutor you and really be of help. hello.	labels:yes i will try and download some video tutorial on youtube maybe that will help.
text:definitely, it will be of help.	labels:ok thanks for the advice.
text:get your courage back, do not give room for fear. you are welcome,.	labels:yea, will try and do that.
text:I wish you the best luck.	labels:thanks pal.	episode_done:True
text:HOw are you doing?	labels:Hako. So so.
text:What's wrong?	labels:kind of down. holiday season.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what about the holidays has you down?	labels:loneliness. by myself.
text:Do you live alone or do you have other family members in the same house?	labels:i live alone. I am looking to move south.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, do you have family that lives nearby?	labels:My family is allover the country. no family near me.
text:Are there some in the South?	labels:I am in Georgia trying to go to Florida. My family is up north.
text:Is there a reason you're trying to get further away from family?	labels:I am trying to start and settle down. I am single/divorced and want to start fresh. My family knows that. I am older.
text:That sounds like a good idea then. Meet someone to settle down with and get through this with.	labels:That is my goal. Also get to teh beach.
text:I'm in the North, so anything outdoors sounds nice right about now.	labels:I used to live up north but the cold got to me.
text:It's definitely not for everyone. Amazing how temperature can mess with your mood as well. Something about sun and sand can really put you in a good mood.	labels:i grew up in the snow country.
text:Same here, we have snow on the ground and negative temps projected for later in the week.	labels:I heard. I was heading north but the weather stopped me.
text:Are you spending the holidays with anyone if you're not heading north?	labels:no the virus stopped it. I will be alone and not anyone around.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, this is such a crazy year for everyone. I'm sorry to hear you'll be alone. Have you ever considered volunteering?	labels:not where I am at. Just staying low because of the virus.
text:It's smart to be safe.	labels:Where I am the virus isn't bad. Just hoping to get to Florida soon.
text:Maybe you can do some research on areas and places to move during the holidays. Look forward to when you can sit on the beach.	labels:I have been but I can't plan a date until the 1st.
text:That's coming up pretty quick though so that's good.	labels:Yes and I will start south again. Ok. Thanks for the chat. Have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHey, hi are you doing today?	labels:I'm okay i guess. How are you?
text:I'm pretty good, I can't complain. Is there any thing going on with your life that you would like to discuss?	labels:My marriage recently fell apart and i had to relocate to NC with my children. That's going as well as you would think it is.
text:I know separation isn't easy, especially with children involved. How are you coping with this transition?.	labels:I guess im okay, a little shaky and still find myself in tears from time to time. Honestly it is nothing new for me. I've suffered from depressions since i was a young teen.
text:Well breakup is not easy so what you're feeling is normal. Have you ever sought out professional help for depression?	labels:Yes I go to the local mental health. I'm actually bipolar 1 which kinda makes my depression a little worse. I see a counselor twice a month. I still however have some trouble in between visits. I just can not afford to be seen more often..
text:Are there hobbies or activities that you do that help you cope with issues such as jogging, reading, etc.?	labels:I read a lot and play rpg games to distract myself. My kids are a big help too. ill admit there are some days despite trying to distract myself i stuggle..
text:Its good to see that you have activities you participate in that helps you cope. I also play video games to just get away mentally too. But yes, even hobbies are not the cure for issue but rather helps with the symptoms.	labels:Oh really what kinda video games to you escape into? I like RPG, romance, adventure, and simulation.
text:I love to play shooters and sports lol. I will be getting into the VR world very soon.	labels:Oh i love some shooters. But VR scares me honestly. I heard it can cause seizures.
text:I'm scared as well as it may feel too realistic for me..	labels:Yea god forbid playing a shooter in VR O.o.
text:hahaha...Have you tslked to family and friends about the situation? How did they respond and what suggestions did they offer?	labels:Well my mama suggested i just forget my ex and not be depressed. My grandpa suggested once i get divorced i should just move on. My brother asked if i wanted him to beat his ass XD lol So not much help honestly.
text:Do you want the relationship to be over or you are truly done and want to move on?	labels:I realize i am glad its over. I realize i did not love him like i thought i did. I'm sad that my babies had to suffer for me to realize this.
text:Although it's tough for the children, it's positive to hear that maybe it was for the best. The family seemed to echo your same feelings so it could be for the best.	labels:I certainly hope so. I wonder sometimes. I hope i haven't ruined my kids lives by leaving their father.
text:Some children may act out if they have trouble expressing how they feel. I would suggest having regular talks with them and being transparent.	labels:Yes we had a little trouble with my 8 year old. He thought i and his grandma chased his daddy away. He acted out a lot till we set down with him and explained what happened.
text:Oh wow, well its good that an explanation was there for him to understand. As time goes on, it will become easier.	labels:I sure hope so. Thanks so much for your time. You really made me feel better about the situation. I actually enjoyed this hit.
text:No problem, the pleasure was all mines!	labels:^-^ have a good day sugar!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello.  How are you today?	labels:i'm fine. how are you doing too?
text:Im glad to hear that. I am doing well today, thank you for asking! Is there something on your mind you'd like to chat about?  I'm here to listen.	labels:i had a breakup just a year ago and its taking its toll on me.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Recovering from a break up can take a long time. How long were you together?	labels:4 years.
text:That is a long time.  I think its normal to take time to recover after a long relationship, after all it was a significant part of your life for 4 years.  .	labels:yes, we were both planning on getting married.
text:I've struggled with the same situation. Do you want to tell me what kind of feelings you are struggling with?. That is a lot to deal with, I am so sorry.	labels:i am very saddened by the breakup.
text:I  hear and feel  your grief.   Would you call it grief?  Please let me know.	labels:close to grief but she is still alive. i saw her last week and it was like a bomb was dropped on me.
text:i understand. Grief is the emotion of sadness and loss, does that resonate with you?  .	labels:exactly.
text:I was just going to ask you if you  still see her, that must have been so difficult. .	labels:very difficult. she looks soo beautiful.
text:The hollidays were very hard for me after my break up, we were going to marry like you.  Isort the season and all the expectations and memories of exacerbated the loss for me. Do you think that might be making you feel worse?  . Have you considered that You must be beautiful/handsome for her to be attracted to you.	labels:i think our problem started when we moved in together. i always felt soo lucky to have her because she is always perfect.
text:I just want to say that the hollidays will be over soon and that may help. I'm sorry, it sounds like you loved her very much.	labels:i loved her just too much. and the holiday is not helping the matter because i felt soo lonely.
text:Experts say that feeling your feelings and talking about them is really good for you to help get over a long breakup.  Also that it takes a year or more to process.  So know that you are doing the right things.	labels:really.
text:I was really lonely after my breakup too.  I had to make myself spend time with other people that cared about me like friends and family.  Even though I kind of just wanted to stay sad making myself be around other people that reminded me of the good, perfect and lovable things about myself made me feel better and gave me hope. Maybe easing your lonliness would give you some relief?.	labels:so you are advising me to go out more and mixed up with people.
text:You sound like a sensitive and loving person.  Those are wonderful qualities.  I noticed them and we are strangers.  I'm sure you have many more.	labels:you are soo kind.
text:It sounds like you don't feel like going out?	labels:i dont know what i think of my self really. i rally dont feel like going anywhere.
text:It's normal to feel the way you do as  you sort out what happened and how to go forward.	labels:ok. i will do that. thanks.
text:If you dont feel like being around people, what really helped me was reminding myself of the good things about myself. Sometimes I even made a list so I didn't forget.  And staying distracted sometimes helped too.  Experts say coming up with some goal or project really helps. .	labels:ok, thats a good idea.
text:There are also so many articles and support on the internet, don't be afraid to just search "getting over a relationship" or 'bad breakup advice"  there are so many people that have gone through this. Ypu are not alone. I know that nothing I say can take away your pain or make it not have happened, but I care that you have these feelings and I care about you. .	labels:thanks, i will check them out. thanks for the show of love.
text:you are welcome.  i hope you feel supported and encouraged.  I know this will get better for you.  take care of and love yourself, friend. you are worth it..	labels:i will do that. thanks.
text:and one last thing that worked for me was when I was really fixated on how perfect my ex was, i'd make a list of why they weren't and why we weren't good together.  It made me think in a more balanced way.	labels:really, and it worked? i will try that.
text:yeah, it did work.  even when all could see was how great my ex was i could at least see why we didn't work and i wanted us both to be happy so writing that stuff helped me keep it in perspective.  Its been a privilege listening to you . i'm wishing you all good things.	labels:oh, thanks. thanks for the advice. i will work on it. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How can I help you today ?	labels:What should I do.
text:Tell me about the situation that you are facing.	labels:I try to find a job but there is not many.
text:I am sorry to hear that. How long have you been looking?	labels:About 6 months.
text:I understand that there are a lot of job loss in the Covid time. Is your job seeking related to that? Yeah it must be very difficult..	labels:yes.
text:I was applying for jobs for almost a year, and I got an offer in February right before coronavirus. I can definitely relate to you.. I am glad that Mechanical Turk can provide an intermediate method of earning income. I am also using the platform to earn some extra cash to support family..	labels:I don't know what types of jobs that fit me. yeah, but it is still rough to get by.
text:Tell me more about it if you don't mind. What kind of academic and professional background do you have, and what kind of positions are you seeking?	labels:I worked in manufacturer. technical skill in trade school but not degree from college.
text:I see. Would you ideally want to work for a manufacturer company instead of settling down for something temporary while seeking a more matched position?	labels:I will seek for another jobs if possible but I can work on manufacturer company too.
text:I understand. Do you have location requirements, for instance, you would prefer working remotely instead of in person in the Covid time?.	labels:If I can work remotely I will do it.
text:I have been browsing job boards every now and then. There are consistently some grocery store jobs, or cashier jobs. If you don't mind the location, I am sure you would  be a good fit for these.	labels:The job market is very competitive. I tried but there are no responds after my interview.
text:I completely understand. I was looking for jobs for almost a year. I have a spreadsheet that keeps track of all the jobs I applied. Maybe only 2 or 3 percent of them replied (with an interview request, etc.) I would suggest trying applying for jobs via Linkedin, or google jobs. You can sort them by posted date. My experience is that the more recent the posting date is, the more likely they will review your application..	labels:Thanks, I will try more on the website you suggest.
text:Previously I also registered in a few temp agencies  that would place me in companies with the intension of only keeping in on board for a few months/weeks. They can be a good gap filler as well.	labels:Do they charge you when you get a job?
text:I hope I can be more helpful. I really sympathize with your situation.. They would just terminate me after they have found a permanent employee on an ongoing basis. In rare situations, they would hire "temp-to-hire" with the expectation of hiring temp workers.	labels:Thank you, there are no many availability of what I can do and it is just out of control from nowhere.
text:Thank you for reaching out. It really shows that you care and you are working towards the goal. I hope you succeed..	labels:Thank you for your kindness.
text:Happy holidays and best wishes to you.	labels:Same for you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you?	labels:Not good.
text:What's wrong, do you feel like sharing?	labels:Well, my girlfriend and her grandmother are extremely depressed. The husband of her grandfather is driving everyone nuts with his yelling. Nothing makes him happy.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. Sounds like your girlfriend and her grandmother could use some time away from her grandfather..	labels:Kind of hard when he is the one that owns the houses. Doesn't seem right to leave him. He is going through dementia right now. He always supported them. Just sucks now he is causing so much sadness. He sees me like a son but end of the day. I have to do right by my girlfriend. I love her and her family.
text:His dementia is causing him to become upset? Your right he does need to be around family and needs love and support, and you are not doing wrong being on your girlfriend side.	labels:Yeah. He keeps going to the VA and they keep saying he is losing brain mass. Wish everyone else knew how to deal with him. Doesn't seem like everyone is equipped to deal with this kind of stress. My girlfriend already has enough on her plate with her chronic illness. Mostly the arguing starts when he tells her to eat 'normal' food. Which everyone has to keep reminding can kill her.
text:Is there any way you guys could get a nurse that deals with patients that have dementia to help him out?	labels:Well, problem is that he is extremely fit and stubborn. That could be a solution. Not in his current state though... He would lose his mind. He is a veteran... so. He could lose it.
text:What about getting a nurse, would make him lose his mind? It would be in his best interest to help him and others around him.	labels:He thinks everyone is out to get him. He was in Vietnam for years and left him with guns without ammo to protect a post. So with that in mind... who knows. Could work out. But he has tackled medical personnel before. You could imagine the trauma that encourages that crazy mindset. However, I think I got a good idea what to suggest. At least to my girlfriend and her family. You left I guess. Interesting. Okay. well good bye. Man.. not even a proper good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:good. How about you? Is there any idea about  covid20.
text:I am doing well. Thanks for asking. It is really nice outside today..	labels:Recently  identified in london.
text:Hopefully soon cases will be lowered due to the vaccine. How are you feeling about COVID?	labels:Is that vaccine will help to control the new variant of corona.
text:I think so. I have my fingers crossed.. How are you feeling during this pandemic?.	labels:It was very hectic time for me .Initially we were scared to go to even grocery. Afterwards we are trained our self using safety measures.
text:I understand. I have also been on edge during these times, one thing I did do is take all the precautions I could to ease my anxiety..	labels:Yeah. That's looking good.  Do u have any idea about side effects of the vaccine, Is it safe for kids? Are you working in frontline?
text:I am unsure at the moment. As the weeks continue I am sure we will hear more about the side effects. How are you coping during these times?.	labels:I am remotely working. I never go outside unnecessarily.
text:I am not. Are you? I am very appreciative of those front line workers, I often think about how hard it might be to be in their position.	labels:Definitely.
text:One thing I do during my time at home (because we spend so much time at home) is to do yoga. It really helps stabilize my mood and be stress free from the virus. There are several of free Youtube that are amazing!.	labels:Sure.I am also practicing now a days.Thanks for your valuable time you spend with me.Bit rexation for me.
text:Of course anytime! I wish you the best. On the bright side, everything will hopefully get better soon. Very nice to talk to you as well..	labels:Thank you..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:I'm doing ok.
text:That's good to hear. Is there anything that you would like to talk about?	labels:Yes, me and my partner are considering breaking up as she wants to move to another state to be with her cousin and have a fresh start. I want to stay and be around my family. So that is the dilemma.
text:So it sounds to me like you're experiencing stress about choosing between staying in your current relationship, or staying close to your family. Do I have that right?	labels:Yes and its very hard for me to make a decision on which to choose.
text:I can understand how that feels. Anybody would have a hard time deciding between those options. May I ask you a question about your relationship?	labels:Yes, sure.
text:Compared to other relationships that you've had in the past, how strongly do you feel about this one?	labels:I would say compared to every relationship I have had, this is the best relationship I have been in. Plus we have children involved.
text:That helps me understand that this is quite a problem, however talking to you now I feel like you can trust yourself to eventually reach the best decision.. Have you talked this out with your family and your partner together?	labels:I think that after speaking with you, I realize the choice I must make though difficult. And yes we have talked with everyone close with us or connected.
text:How did that go? Did everybody feel like they had their voice heard in a cooperative manner?	labels:I feel like everyone respected both of our wishes as they were different but everyone also offered advice and shared their experiences. Everyone was cooperative.
text:So you had a cooperative conversation, but not a very productive one, is that right?	labels:Yes we listened to each other but it was still a more agree to disagree conversation. No over talking or arguments.
text:I understand how those conversations go, believe me we all have them. They don't seem to solve much a first, but we better off doing it than not..	labels:Yes I have come to understand that we must have those hard conversations rather than avoiding it. Thanks for the talk!
text:You're welcome, I hope you have a better understanding of the problem now.	labels:I do now that I have talked it through.	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:I'm doing pretty good.
text:I'm glad to hear you're doing well in these trying times.	labels:Yah they are very difficult.
text:How have you been managing everything?	labels:Fine I've been pretty much just trying to go out as little as possible and stay safe.
text:Same here, it's a tough time to do that after doing it so long. Especially with the holidays coming up.	labels:Yes I would have to agree.
text:Are you in close proximity to your family?	labels:Yeah I'm staying with them for the holidays and then going back home in January.
text:I imagine that can create some stress?	labels:No not really it's all good over here.
text:Well I'm glad to hear it, sounds like you've been managing pretty well then.	labels:Yes because I am on winter break now.
text:I assume that means you're in college then? So the stress of finals is over now?	labels:Yes I am. And yeah I just finished finals.
text:That's good, I hope they went well for you.	labels:They did. Some were hard, but at least they're over now.
text:Yes, now you can relax and spend time with your family without the added stress.	labels:Yes, exactly.
text:Well I hope you and your family enjoy the holidays and stay safe.	labels:Thank you, you too..
text:Thanks so much!	labels:Are you with family?
text:Yes, just my immediate family.	labels:Oh that's good. Staying safe.
text:Absolutely, the best thing we can do right now. Even though it's kind of a bummer.	labels:Yeah, hopefully things will go back to normal soon..
text:I hope so too, this has been such a crazy year.	labels:I agree.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are we doing today?	labels:I am alright, how are you doing?
text:I am doing swell. What's on your mind today?	labels:I really want to ask how you are doing and what issues you are having, I have done like 5 of these on the supportive side. I have been getting migraines lately which is making my depression worse.
text:How long has this depression been looming over you?	labels:Pretty much my whole adult life, at least 12 years or so.
text:I am sorry to hear that, you mentioned that you have been getting migraines lately though you have been depressed for a longer duration, lets try to pinpoint that cause first.	labels:I honestly have a pretty good handle on the depression, lots of therapy. The migraines are making it hard to get anything done though.
text:Would you say that the migraines are a result of working?	labels:I am honestly not sure, I have gotten one in my entire life before and 6 in the last month. I dont think that it is stress related.
text:you'd be surprised as how much stress actually does to the mind itself. Has anything in your daily life, in the past month alone, changed that would lead to increased stress that you wouldn't normally experience?	labels:Honestly not really, things are going well at work and life is actually going well.
text:from where I am, most businesses require us to work form home. Is this true for you?	labels:No I am stuck going into work, we are essential enough to stay open.
text:Ah, I also know some essential workers who must physically attend work. I am lead to believe that the pandemic inadvertently causes a lot of stress in places that we don't commonly associate stress with. For example, wearing a mask everywhere for us in the United States can become a pain sometimes like when I forget it in the car or the house.	labels:Yes honestly covid has definitely been exhausting. masks have been mandatory here for quite some time so I am never without one.
text:I don't blame you, its impossible to keep this composure especially with a pandemic breathing down our necks. When I worked, I found that smaller problems that wouldn't normally phase me began to have a greater effect when the pandemic hit. Thus my stress went up as a result and wearing a mask didn't help the problem.	labels:Honestly I wear a mask 8 hours a day and its not a big deal.
text:Hmm I guess we all deal with the precautionary measure differently. Has your daily routine changed at all in the past month?	labels:Not much has changed.
text:are you able to identify any change whatsoever? I ask since any imbalance our body and mind experience is sometimes enough to see a poor reaction, that may lead to things such as migraines.	labels:Yes its been surprising, I have talked to my doctor and he suggested I try to document my triggers so I will try to do that. Anyway I have to get going, You have been very helpful. Have a wonderful day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! What kind of issue are you dealing with today? I would love to help :)	labels:I am still depressed about losing my job.
text:Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that.. What have you been doing since losing your job?	labels:It's been rough, it was out of the clear blue. I've been looking for a job, then the pandemic hit.
text:Oh wow I feel you. I have loved ones that have gone through the same thing as you. They were starting to feel super down about themselves. I tried my best to support and encourage them not to give up.	labels:Yea, I know, it's not just me. But I do feel alone. I know how they feel.
text:What industry do you work in? With the pandemic, a lot of interviews are done through Zoom and of course not everyone is at the best through video.	labels:I work in the hospitality industry, at a hotel.  Trust me I've been looking, but so far no luck. Since this pandemic, I'm not sure I want to leave the house. How have you loved one dealt with it?
text:That's rough :/ I assist in managing some Airbnb properties and they've been hit so hard because of the pandemic. At least there's a light at the end of the tunnel with the vaccine. Honestly I had one friend who had been looking for a job for over a year and he just got an offer last month. They just kept persevering, even if that included applying to 30+ jobs each week.	labels:That's good, at least I know there is light at the end of the tunnel. I was thinking at this stage of the game I might have to learn something new in order to get a job. Hopefully, the vaccine will help start to bring things back to normal. Did your friend find a job in the same field?
text:My friend works in tech (I don't know what exactly he does since it all goes over my head lol) but I know that he took a lesser position and smaller pay than he had before. He is trying to steer his career in a different direction so I do believe it will work out for him and for you :)	labels::) Thanks I needed that. I think I might have to reinvent myself also. For sure the pay will be a lot different, it'll be like starting all over again.
text:No problem :) As long as you keep working at it, I definitely think it will work out for you. Who knows, maybe you'll end up loving this new direction in life!	labels:I sure hope so, fingers crossed. Thankfully, I don't have to work much longer, but since I have been working for so long, I do miss it. I think I miss the people more than anything.   .
text:I hope you know that you have people who will encourage you every step of the way (even strangers :) )! This pandemic has been really rough but I have to keep reminding myself to count myself lucky for staying healthy. I hope you will be safe until the vaccine and after :) I believe in you!	labels:Awww! Thank you I really needed that, you have no idea how much that means to me. A little encouragement goes a long way in these times we are living in. And you are right, I am healthy and I am thankful for that. Eventually, the job will come.
text:Yes I think people should be more supportive of each other, especially during these times! Just don't ever give up! I'm really glad that I was able to be of help/support today for you :)	labels:Yes, we do need each other more than we know . I have to remind myself, it's not just me going through this. Thank you for your kind words..
text:You're welcome :) I hope you have a Merry Christmas and a great 2021 :)	labels:I hope you do as well. Stay Healthy and be careful. Thank you again for your kind words. And 2021 will be better than 2020! .	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, How are you?	labels:I am feeling down and scared.
text:What is having you feel scared at this moment?	labels:The ongoing pandemic and my financial situation. I am unemployed and I don't know when I will be able to get a job.
text:Not having a job can feel overwhelming, especially on top of this pandemic. Have you been able to apply for work recently?	labels:Yes I have been applying but have not gotten any responses. I imagine a lot of people are competing for jobs.
text:you are right about others looking for work too. Are you signed up with many job seeking apps?	labels:I have not been using apps. I use websites and look for jobs there. It is making me feel like I am not qualified enough.
text:Feelings of insufficiency can be such a stumbling block when looking for work. It is obvious that you are putting forth great effort.. Do you think getting in contact with a job agency in your area would be beneficial to you?	labels:I have not contacted a job agency. I don't have experience with them. That is a good idea.
text:Perhaps there are a few agencies in your area to help and you can maximize your opportunities. You mentioned feeling down in the beginning of the conversation, would you like to talk about that?	labels:Yes I am going to look. It will increase my chances of finding work. It doesn't help that I live with my parents and because I have no work I spend most of my time at home and get into arguments with them.
text:Tension can be high when you already feel stressed about the job situation. When I am feeling especially low or tense, I find that helping others significantly helps my disposition. Would volunteering be something that appeals to you?	labels:It would probably be good to volunteer to get out of the house. I think I will do that once the pandemic restrictions ease.
text:That would be great! There may also be opportunities to help out online until we can be more free to move around safely. It is important to be safe for us and others.	labels:Can you think of any online volunteering opportunities? You have been very helpful so far.
text:I know that there are many different opportunities available. If you google "places to volunteer online", they will have a list. Including places  like The Smithsonian and Crisis Text Line.	labels:Great. I will try that today. Thank you so much for your help.
text:You are more than welcome.!! I expect life to start looking up for you. Best wishes, I'm glad we spoke.	labels:I hope so. I better go get started on the suggestions you gave me. Thanks again and have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you?	labels:I have been better. I had a rough semester in school.
text:So things haven't been going well at school. I think a lot of people are going through these days.	labels:It was alright at first but I failed a final that was worth 50% of my grade.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. That's a heck of a situation to be in. Is there anything you can do? Maybe talking to the teacher about some form of extra credit? or is the final grade a lock?	labels:Yes, I already tried to appeal my grade..
text:And the teacher wouldn't budge?	labels:Sadly, no. I think they were too busy to really take a long time to discuss it or work with me.
text:Was this for a course that was required for a major?	labels:It was a core class and I needed it to graduate.
text:Ok, if you're willing to give it one more shot, try to appeal the grade one more time. If that doesn't work, you could try talking the class again next semester or during the summer if it's offered.	labels:That does sound like a good idea. I am just so disappointed I'm not sure if it is worth it..
text:I know what you mean. I failed a Calc class once and I felt so empty inside. But I pulled myself together to take it again and passed it. I think you can do it too.	labels:I think you're right. The class is tough and I know I can do it if I put my mind to it..
text:Exactly! You've got what it takes to make it through the difficulty, and your experiences so far will help you.	labels:It is very intimidating but again I agree with you. Thanks for your input.
text:You're welcome. In the meantime, have a little relaxation time to ease your mind. Thinking too much about the class would be stressful.	labels:True! I can definitely use the time off before I go back to clear my mind.
text:I hear relaxing music and funny movies can do the trick.	labels:I love both of those! Great suggestions.	episode_done:True
text:hello. is anyone there.\nhello there, how are you doing?	labels:sad. i broke up with my girlfriend. i do not know what to do.
text:Ah I am sorry to hear that. I have not been in a relationship before but definitely understand the pain of loss.	labels:yes it is very difficult. we were together for 3 years. i had to break up with her though.
text:That's unfortunate to hear, creating a bond with someone that long can be very hard to walk away from. did you go your separate ways on good terms?	labels:yes you are right. it pained me to do it but it was for the best. no it ended roughly. she ran over my dog and i was angered. i broke up but maybe i acted quickly and should ask for her back.
text:Was it an honest mistake that she made?	labels:yes i think so. she was rushing out to get cake for a party and was not looking..
text:How long have you had the dog for? Did you have the dog before the relationship started?	labels:my dog was 13 years old. she was very close to me. i had her when she was a puppy.
text:The dog then lived a very happy and fulfilling life from what I can tell. Dogs are among the best companions to ask for.	labels:very true. should i take my girlfriend back? i gave myself time to cool off.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi, how are you today?	labels:could be better. how are u.
text:I'm sorry you're not feeling great, what's wrong?	labels:i cant afford a house.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, we're in hard times right now for sure.	labels:Ya I am barely making it through Christmas and see my sister with a house. I wish I had one.
text:Are you in an apartment or rental situation of some sort?	labels:3 bedroom apartment with 6 people.
text:Have you looked into a loan for a house? Sometimes the payment on a house is close to rent payments.	labels:Ya we are looking into it.
text:I know sometimes people get a loan and then have a roommate move in and charge rent to help with the finances as well.	labels:Ya that does sound interesting, I could have my brother in law move in.
text:Could be something to help you out at least temporarily. I know it seems very intimidating but it'll be ok.	labels:thank you that is a big help.
text:You're very welcome, I hope you have a great holiday and feel better knowing you have options.	labels:thank you, and hope you have a great holiday too.
text:Thanks!	labels:your welcome. Oh and a happy new year.
text:You as well, stay safe!	labels:For sure, you as well. I tried to last the whole time lol.
text:I think we're good!	labels:ok lol sounds good.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for the help I guess?\nhi there what is it you would like to chat about today.	labels:I got an email from my job that they will not extend my contract and I will have to leave the job.
text:thats too bad loseing your employment but, maby this will open new doors for you to have a better job in the future.	labels:I wish but job market is frozen and not enough opportunities right now, so I'm feeling depressed.
text:yes i can relate because i too have struggled with finding some good employment the job market is down but, hopefully it will get better soon we could use this time to learn a new trade.	labels:I could use the time to learn some skills in my trade, but I wish the future wasnt so cloudy.
text:yes it makes me worry too when i cant see furthar down the road of what is coming but, it always helps me to just try and piture good possibilitys and outcomes instead of bad. is there any way you could immagine what kind of new things you could see in the near future that could help you get exsited?	labels:Yes, I can be positive and hopeful for the future because the pandemic is affecting everyone. I do see getting a better job and learning news skills to market myself better, hopefully I can find something soon.
text:Yes the Pandimic has effected use all greatly but I have read so manyy heart warming stories of how it has brough t people together while being apart.	labels:Yes, I have spend a lot of time with my family so that help me from getting depressed. So thats a positive.
text:yes hopfully you can find some new skills and a new job soon there are so many new doors opening for online work i found some on youtube that were motivating for me you just keep searching and i sure you will soon.	labels:Hmm that seems like a good idea, to find video to help uplift me. Do you recommend anything?
text:well for me i just searched for motivational speaker or top 10 online?work from home jobs.	labels:That seems like a good idea, I think I will do that. thanks for the ideas and positive vibes.
text:no problem glad that i could uplift someone it lifts me up to help others.	labels:It helps a lot, many people are going through this without any support. But do want to thank you and wish a safe holiday.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you doing today?	labels:hello.
text:How can I help you?	labels:I need ways alleviate stress while studying.
text:It sounds like you are having some difficulty at school, I have definitely been there.	labels:yeah, it can be tough sometimes and feel like you're in a dead end situation.
text:Yes I worked a dead end job for ages when I was younger and sometimes you just feel stuck.	labels:How did you push past that job?
text:I am going to be honest a little luck was involved I managed to impress a customer that came in and ended up applying at their work.	labels:Are you still with that job now, enough to consider it a career?
text:I would say so I am an insurance broker, it has only been a year or so but there seems to be room to move up. You can find something too.	labels:Is there any advice for getting out of my situation? aside from luck that is.
text:Can you give me some more details?	labels:I just find the work mundane and way too remedial.
text:That is completely understandable.	labels:did you look at any websites or other job searching tools before you found your new job?
text:I have you a few, there are also many ways to gain skills online that buff up your resume a bit.	labels:what types of skill can I gain online?
text:Indeed is one of the better ones to look for jobs, honestly I would suggest looking at jobs that you normally wouldn't and see what kind of qualifications they need and see if you can get that done online.	labels:so filter based on my absolute needs and go for online skills that I can complete?
text:yes I think that is a great idea, look for jobs that meet your needs and figure out what you can do to look attractive to employers.	labels:I have tried glassdoor before, have you had any luck there?
text:I used it a bit, I mainly used indeed.	labels:and have you showcased your skills using LinkedIn before? I have had that one recommended to me before, they said its a great way to neatly organize accomplishments and personal background.
text:Yes especially if you are applying for anything in a professional setting that is very important.	labels:do you have any examples of online skills you completed?
text:coursera has a lot of great courses, it really depends on what you are looking for.	labels:if I was looking to enter the engineering field, any recommendations?
text:Is that what you are going to school for?	labels:yes but I may change my mind.
text:What year are you in? most engineering programs have a practicum and that is a great opportunity to make contacts and potentially get offered a job.	labels:yes I have been networking as I go.
text:Honestly you seem like you are pretty on top of this I don't think you will have any issues finding a job.	labels:yeah I mean the topic was about final exam stress but we got on a tangent.
text:Yes that is fair enough, how much time do you have until your exam?	labels:15 minutes.
text:While that is plenty of time to get some studying done:)	labels:yes I probably should, thank you for your insight!
text:Honestly I find that if you are going for the test right away I always like to just breath and relax a bit.	labels:yeah no use in cramming for more info when I could just chill out.
text:You seem like you know what you are doing, I think you will do just fine.	labels:yup thanks.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello. How are you?	labels:I need to confide on someone, I just need to say it out so I can be relieve. we met on instagram.
text:Sure, you can tell me anything. I won't judge or anything like that.	labels:that bitchtold me that she is from Cananda, and she will soon come to USA, i do tell her  I love her, she will send different naked pictures of herself, I did'nt know she is a bitch. she fuck defraud me with almost 4000$ before I know, she requested for my bank details. last two weeks my bank called me to come that someone is trying to access  my account.
text:Oh dear, that sounds like a classic love fraud.... I'm so sorry you were victimized like that.	labels:I called her no not reacheable. chatted her up not replyig.
text:Oh my. I hate to hear that. Bank details should never be given out to people you don't know. This person made you think they cared about you, but they were trying to earn your trust and gain access to your accounts from the start.	labels:she is a bitch. I was lost. thanks to my bank manager, that make my eyes to open.
text:That person is just a scammer. They probably reach out to hundreds of potential victims every day, waiting for someone to bite. I'm sorry you were taken in by them. Were you able to recover any of your loss?	labels:i can believe now. if u tell me two months ago I will never accept what you are saying. thanks for your time.
text:Scams like that have been going on for years. They just change how they go about it and what platform they use. You're very welcome. Please be more careful in future.	labels:okay. bye.
text:I do hope you were able to recover your loss. I wish you luck and hope you can find someone honest and true.	labels:I love your time. amen.
text:Goodbye. Have a good night. I hope you feel better.	labels:i really love your confidence. that money has gone.
text:Oh, I'm so sorry. At least you won't ever fall for something like that again....	labels:yes. thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you?	labels:not too good. how are you too.
text:I'm doing okay. What's going on? What has you so down?	labels:i was furloughed.
text:Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that! So many people have been furloughed this year. Do you think they will bring you back?.	labels:i don't know for sure.
text:I'm sure that has you anxious and probably a little depressed. Are you looking for other employment opportunities yet?	labels:i am beyond depressed but luckily i found a place but the take-home can't cut it.
text:It's good that you were able to find another job, but I completely understand about the take home not being enough. Do you work full time, or is it just part time for now?	labels:its just part time and i am even scared of covid 19 exposure. the take-home is just too small.
text:Oh, I understand being nervous about covid exposure, especially if you're working with the public, who may not abide by mask mandates and social distancing. Is there anything you can do to limit exposure? Also, are you able to look for a second job at all? The extra hours may bring in extra income while you try to find a single job that would pay enough.	labels:it took me time to find this job, there is no work anywhere.
text:It sounds like you're really frustrated. That's completely understandable.	labels:and there is nothing i can do about the covid exposure because folks around here sees nose mask as treat to Pres. Trump. i am beyond frustrated. its soo depressing.
text:That is very frustrating. I know I find it very annoying when I see people out and about without masks. It drives me crazy, just thinking about how they're keeping this stupid pandemic going and keeping people out of work.	labels:you got my point.
text:I wish I had more suggestions for you. I think the only thing you can do is keep looking, make sure your resume is updated and current. If there are any employment agencies in your area, they may be worth looking into. And if there are any public assistance programs you qualify for, there's no shame in seeking help when you need it.	labels:i will keep doing that, may be something will show up.
text:I sure hope it does. I wish you all the luck in the world.	labels:thanks, it's nice talking about it. thanks for hearing me out.
text:You're very welcome. I'm glad I could be here for you.	labels:yea.
text:Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?	labels:that will be all for now.
text:Okay. Have a good night!	labels:you too.	episode_done:True
text:Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks! Driving also makes me highly anxious. I am on medication but this only seems to help moderately.\nHello.	labels:Hi.
text:So just to ensure that I understand you correctly, you are feeling anxious about going to the store during the pandemic.	labels:No. This has been going on before the pandemic. COVID didn't cause my anxiety.
text:Okay, so just general anxiety about it then.	labels:Yessir.
text:How long have you had this anxiety issue?	labels:Only the past couple of years. It came on suddenly at a nail salon after I had an allergic reaction to a chemical in acrylic nails. Originally the doctors thought it was brain inflammation. What suggestions do you have for improving it? Meditation? Exercise? I do art. And never have anxiety when I'm painting, however, I cannot exactly do that at the store.
text:Have you thought about looking for support groups with people who also have anxiety about being in public?	labels:I have and I did.
text:Have you thought about brining a friend with you to the store? Someone you are comfortable with? Having someone you are comfortable with may help to calm the anxiety while you are out.	labels:Support groups don't really help stop the Panic Attacks. They cause all sorts of sensations. Fast heart rate, chills, shakes, My brain feels foggy and impersonal. I do go to the store often with my fiance :) That has helped a lot.
text:I have also had anxiety in the past when in public places, so I know how it feels to be anxious while out.	labels:Yeah, it's definitely annoying. But it isn't JUST at the store. I was diagnosed with Panic Attack Disorder and even have attacks at home where I freak out. It's been better since I was on medication but I never feel completely....normal.
text:Another thing that may help is having some headphones in attached to your phone or an MP3 player so you can have some calming music or something in your ear while you are out.	labels:That's actually a really good idea. Distractions definitely seem to be the way to go for me. That's probably why art helps so much.
text:I found that distractions were great for me too!	labels:I wonder if it should be calming music or music that I generally feel like dancing too. I know that sometimes calming music kinda makes me more centered and aware of myself which can exacerbate the problems sometimes. I usually listen to music loudly when Im in my car to help with the anxiety. Of course, I always think its working then I get to the store and my hands hurt from gripping my steering wheel so hard XD.
text:Whatever music you think would be best would be a good idea.	labels:I think a lot of my anxiety doesnt stem from social stuff but from a fear of death tbh. What other distractions can you reccomend? *recommend.
text:Do you have a stress ball or something you can keep with you in your pocket while out?	labels:I don't!
text:I think picking up one of those and having it with you might also help!	labels:That's a really good idea too. Thanks so much.
text:You're very welcome!	labels:<3 Have a good one!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I am here to listen. How are things going?	labels:Bad. Almost had a good day and then got treated bad in the end so I don't know why I try.
text:I understand how you feel. It seems as if you are being treated badly for no genuine reason. Is this correct?	labels:That is correct.
text:Who is treating you badly? Do you believe there are any causes behind the actions of those hurting you?	labels:My husband mainly. He just doesn't want me to enjoy life I guess.
text:That must be really difficult to go through, I know when my partner treats me badly, I am hurt and upset with them..	labels:Yeah, just become part of life I guess. Doesn't make it any better.
text:Are there any steps you can think of taking to express your frustrations with your husband?.	labels:I have tried many times. It always ends up my fault in the end so I don't bother anymore and just take it.
text:It is easy to lose patience when the blame is always directed towards you. I am sorry that is occurring, but applaud you for your efforts in trying to express your frustration.	labels:Thank you. It gets trying at times. Tonight, I just sit in the dark alone because it isn't worth the hassle.
text:I can tell from chatting with you that you are struggling and fed up with this situation because you are trying very hard in your marriage but get nothing but disrespect in return.	labels:That is for sure. Most of the time it is just the way life is but there are days I get fed up and it irritates me. It has been this way for a while.
text:From what I have seen, if a situation like this continues, not only will you be consumed with anger towards your husband which will all come out at once, but it may also lead to divorce based on research I have read about.	labels:I won't divorce...even if I am miserable, that isn't an option.
text:I understand. I would prefer to work out a situation rather than use divorce as an option as well, but I am concerned with how miserable you have become..	labels:I have gotten used to it. It is the way I am supposed to live my life I guess.
text:Some people respond to different strategies. You have tried communication through words to tell your husband your feelings, but have you shown him the consequences of his actions? Does he see how miserable you are? I suppose I wonder if you are interested in utilizing different strategies to find a solution to your issues with your husband and any others who may treat you badly..	labels:He knows I am miserable. He knows I am upset. He is the living room watching tv and I am in the bedroom. It doesn't bother him that I am upset. It is getting late where I am and I should probably go to bed soon.
text:Alright. I have enjoyed talking to you, and hope that things will work out for you. My last suggestion is possibly to try to talk your husband into couple's therapy and see how he responds. Even if he responds negatively, at least you have tried to dissolve the issue once again. In situations like this, remember even when you feel completely alone, that someone is looking out for you even if you do not realize it. Take a few calming deep breaths and engage in self-care, you deserve it..	labels:Thank you, good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhi what brought you here today?	labels:I am feeling sad and lonely.
text:im sorry you are feel that way. i can feel that way sometimes too. is there anything that helps you feel comforted?	labels:Well I would typically reach out to local friends but I recently moved and with Covid it is difficult to make new friends.
text:thats understanding. with all thats going on in the world right now its hard to get out and make new friends especially being in a new city.	labels:Yes, i wish i had some ideas on maybe some ways I could still make friends.
text:is there a way you could connect with people in your area via social media or chatrooms maybe? I know theres this website i used once called meetup where they sometimes organize activities locally to do things even during this pandemic. sometimes they host virtual meetups to.	labels:I could check that out.  I know many of us are doing virtual meetings but in person meetings are really the best.  Especially when you are an extrovert.
text:yes i can understand that. im an introvert and even ive been feeling like needing some in person contact to feel more connected.	labels:I tried connecting with people via this app, sort of like a friend version of Tinder but no one responded back to me.
text:yea that can happen ive been on those kind of apps before. sometimes it takes awhile for people to respond..	labels:It can be so frustrating.  Why are you on the app if you don't want to respond to people?
text:yea it can been frustrating i understand your feelings. its seems like you said you are an extrovert so maybe using an app that you could connect with people in person might help?	labels:Yes, that is what i was hoping so i tried that.  I guess i will need to give it another try to see if i can find someone who is willing to meet.
text:yea sometimes you gotta give things another go. things can be frustrating at first but it can help to take a step back or breather and think about the situation and how to approach things again.	labels:True.  This has certainly been a year of having to take a breather from time to time.
text:yes it sure has been a challenging year i can relate to that. though i am confident in you that you will get through this and find connections with others.	labels:Thanks for your encouragement.
text:you are very welcome. i am glad i was able to help you today.	labels:Yes, I have two good actions to try now.  Have a good one!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello how are you?
text:I am good, how are you?	labels:I am doing well just dealing with some problems with my friends.
text:I'm sorry, what type of problems are you having?	labels:Friends not being there for me when I need emotional support. They also do not pay for their stuff when we go out to eat or go to the bar as well.
text:So just to make sure I understand, you are having issues with your friends not being there for you emotionally and you are worried about them taking advantage of you when you go out.	labels:Yes that is exactly it. Just sucks not having that emotional support.
text:I completely understand what you are feeling. Have you tried to talk to your friends about your concerns? It helps to clear the air and make sure everyone understands everyone elses perspective.	labels:I have and it seems that they just tell me what I would like to hear! It sucks when I am always there for them when they need me but they cannot do the same.
text:I have had the same problems in the past with some friends not being there for me when I need it, so I completely understand where you're coming from.	labels:It's good to know that I am not the only one going through this. What is your advice from experience with this?
text:Do you have anyone else to talk to about what you're going through? It also helps a lot of the time to talk to an objective 3rd part to help give you some advice on what they think you should do.	labels:My grandma mostly who is an experienced family therapist but she is going through her own stuff as well.
text:Another thing that might help is focusing on some of your hobbies, I often find it helpful to use my hobbies to get my mind off of things that are bothering me.	labels:That is definitely helpful. I will look into being more productive and also doing more hobbies around the house to help clear my mind. Any hobbies that you do now that really help?
text:I enjoy building model cars in my free time, it really does a good job of keeping me occupied. I also find that reading helps a lot too!	labels:Sounds good to me. I will take up building something...maybe turn it into a business as well. Thank you for the advice..
text:Not a problem! I am glad I was able to talk to you tonight!	labels:I also have another question. What do you do if the friends need you again? Do you ignore them or just talk with them?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you feeling?	labels:Feeling blue in my situation. Not sure when the situation of job searching would be improved. I have applied every week but haven't have a single response.
text:I'm sorry you're feeling blue. I can understand, the job market is really tough right now.. You're not alone in feeling this way, but that doesn't change how hard it can be..	labels:Sometimes I don't even think the job postings online are even real. And the pandemic has shifted the markets a lot and i don't think my skills are relevent anymore.
text:Yeah, sometimes job postings feel fake. In the past, I've found various jobs online. Sometimes it takes a while but if you keeping putting out applications, something good will come your way eventually.	labels:Thanks for listening and your kind encouragement.
text:It sounds like you're worried about your skillset. Is there any way you can improve or learn new things?	labels:I was in physical retail before. But now and even after the pandemic will all shift to ecommerce. I am not sure if I can acquire new skills.
text:You seem like a bright, open minded person. I think you could learn a lot in a new role. There are many online retailers that could be a great opportunity..	labels:My sister works for Amazon and tried to put me forward twice but just no luck.
text:There are still many brick and mortar stores that will open after the pandemic is over, hopefully that will bring opportunity..	labels:I tried to stay hopeful. how about you? why did you pick to be a supporter? You are very nice by the way.
text:Are you interested in taking any classes to improve your skillset? There are many free courses available online.	labels:Yes, I used coursea and also learning French.
text:Thank you, I enjoy talking with people and helping them in any way I can. Wow, learning french must be fun. If you can learn another language, I have faith you can learn new skills for a job. That's really great, good for you!	labels:Yes, the Duolingo app is quite good. I worked for a French company for 8 years, just never really get to pick up until now I am unemployed.
text:Learning new languages can open up new opportunities for work. It is unique to be bilingual. Make sure to put all your unique attributes, such as learning french, on your resume. It might help!	labels:Thats a good suggestion, I can't really hold a conversation in French yet.  But when I do, I would put that into my skillset.  I don't want to fake any skills.
text:Are there any other fields of work you are interested in working besides retail?.	labels:I know a lot of people do and basically AI are screening all the resume which I don't think I did a very good job in catering to that.  But integrity is very important to me. I am also close to L&D, HR.
text:I would recommend calling the company or searching for a contact via LinkedIn or just google and trying to make a connection there. LinkedIn has helped me many times in the past when I'm applying for jobs.	labels:I am thinking may be I should learn an loan or real estate licenses. Thats wonderful to hear for your great experience. I do use LinkedIn but not much on job applications. . Did you pay for the premium package on LinkedIn?
text:Earning a license for loans or for real estate sounds like a great way to add to your skillset. No, I do not have the premium package.	labels:I didn't want to pay for it either especially I did the trial before and didn't make too much of a difference.
text:Typically I will search for a company and then look at the employees based on that search. If I see anyone who I have a common connection with or just something similar, I reach out.	labels:Great advice, I am a bit shy to do that.  I usually only just reach out if the job listed a HR person contact. But so far I haven't get any reply from these people.   Perhaps they got a lot of messages.
text:There is also a site called UpWork. I do not have personal experience with it but have heard it's a good way to make a bit of money while unemployed. They have small jobs for people to complete.. Yes that may be the case. Hopefully as the vaccine becomes more widespread, the job market will improve..	labels:Yes, I signed up for that too but it was so difficult, most expect you have already earned the "qualifications" in points in order to bind for the job. Yes, will have to stay hopeful.  Super nice talking to you.  Wishing you a wonderful holiday.
text:Thank you, it was very nice chatting with you as well. Stay hopeful, I believe you will find an opportunity. Happy Holidays!	labels:Thanks again..	episode_done:True
text:I'm qualified for a promotion but my boss is refusing to promote me based on biased feedback he has received from someone else.\nIt sounds like you are having a hard time because your boss isn't willing to consider you for a promotion, is that right?	labels:Yes that's right. It's frustratgn. *frustrating.
text:Have you talked to anyone else at work about it? I was in a similar situation once, I confided in a co-worker that I trusted and it gave me a different perspective..	labels:Unfortunately I can't really talk to anyone at work because there is no one I trust to this extent. Promotions are a bit of a sensitive issue.
text:Have you reported to your HR department the issue around biased feedback being used as a determining factor in not being considered?.	labels:The HR department favours managers so I am worried that will damage my chances of promotion further.
text:I'm sorry you have to deal with this at work. I think you deserve the promotion because you are very dedicated.	labels:Thanks, that's good to hear.
text:I think if you continue to advocate for yourself in a positive manner you could possibly increase the chances of being considered for the promotion.	labels:It's hard to be positive when I feel like my manager is not receptive to my opinions and just trusts the feedback given by this one other person.
text:I've worked at a place that seems similar to your work environment. My co-workers were not supportive and I was always overlooked. Eventually, I realized that the environment was toxic and chose to start applying for different jobs. I felt like if my potential couldn't be appreciated then I should go somewhere with opportunities for growth.	labels:Maybe it is time for me to start looking elsewhere for better opportunities. I've worked at this place so long that I have become comfortable here and the thought of searching for a new job is intimidating.
text:You've got this! It's easy to become comfortable in what we know but, change causes us to grow..	labels:Yeah I agree, it's uncomfortable and difficult though! I haven't searched for a new job in so long, I feel like I will perform terribly at the interviews.
text:Just start slowly and remember that you can be picky about what position you chose. I also think we all feel like we perform badly during interviews. Preparation is key. I hope discussing your work situation today has made you feel a bit better!.	labels:It has, thanks for being supportive and listening to my problem.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:Im ok - tired. Yourself..
text:I'm doing fairly well, Thanks. Can I encourage you or support you in some way?	labels:Yes - definitely. I am not sure how to proceed or what to do in my situation. I am exhausted, mentally and physically..
text:You sound as if you are in a slump. I've been there. Perhaps defining the problem and some solutions can help?	labels:Perhaps - i dont know the solution. the problem is I cannot continue to work these hours - it is just not sustainable..
text:What are your hours?	labels:like generally, or currently in these situations? usually its around 9-5 (give or take).  These days its 9 - 7 or 11pm or later..
text:I have to say, when I am physically and mentally exhausted, I don't think as clearly and lose hope more easily..	labels:right, and that is the issue of where I am at..
text:9 to 11 would exhaust me. That is 14 hours?.	labels:yeah - something like that. and lunches are at the desk - as i am working from home - so its pretty much no breaks either..
text:I would certainly agree with you. That kind of work is unsustainable. Let me ask you this. What would happen if you told your employer you simply could not do these hours?.	labels:hah - i dunno. im on a team of 2 people - and i guess if i dont do it, the other person has to. or it just doesnt get done, and i dont know what happens?? nothing? LOL..
text:The worst that could happen is that they fire you. But that doesn't seem too likely as they seem to need you. But I have learned in life that if I don't care for myself, hardly anyone does. We need to be kind to ourselves. Set boundaries..	labels:agreed - i dont think they would fire me, maybe get reprimanded or more likely a guilt trip as to why I cant do it. Im just not sure what kind of boundaries I set when we have things due, and just literally no time..
text:Setting boundaries can be difficult if you haven't done that a lot. When we think we don't have the ability to say NO, then we feel trapped, worn out, depressed, taken advantage of. People need to know that we reasonably can say no.	labels:Well, I have to set boundaries, because working till 11pm most nights is not sustainable. and who on earth is going to view, let alone sign a contract at 12am.
text:I think that would be the first step. Determine how many hours you feel you COULD work. Then advise them that is what you will do. Find out what kind of timelines there are, and if you can't do it, don't go beyond your boundaries. It is obviously destroying your life. It really isn't healthy for you. Exactly. It isn't working for you. Something has to change. And you sound intelligent, so you can determine what will work for you -- perhaps a range of hours, but definitely not 14 hours. Unless you are a young kid. lol Even then, that's a lot..	labels:yeah - ill come up with reasonable boundaries till 5:30 is reasonable, and if its a do or die situation cap it at 7:30 --- and thats only for dire situations. if that doesnt work, well then i guess either i dont have a job, or people figure out how to work in regular hours..
text:That sounds reasonable to me. And if they try to make you feel guilty, reject that. Tell them, I'm sorry, but I feel this is reasonable, and truly it is.	labels:hah i used to go out like a young kid, but still - just because most of us are working from home 24/7, doesnt mean I actually can work 24/7. even fi i were young, hell no. they dont pay me enough.. thanks i really appreciate it. it sounds reasonable, and its what a coworker told me. if i dont set boundaries, i will crack..
text:No one can work 24/7.  I think they may not even be aware you are struggling. So communication is important. . You don't want to crack. It's not worth it. .	labels:yeah, i think a call to not just my boss is in order, but also HR to advise them of the situation. they need to start telling managers, we are NOT front of the line workers, nor police, fire, etc. our jobs are not THAT important..
text:I will say a prayer that you communicate your needs politely but firmly. And not believe false guilt. As you said, you aren't putting out fires and doing CPR. .	labels:plus netflix, hulu, amazon keep releasing new shows. if i need a reason, it can simply be to watch tv and detox (so to speak) and get away from the BS of work (obv stating it more nicely than that)..
text:This has been a stressful year for many of us, you don't need to be working yourself into depression and exhaustion.. You really do not NEED a reason not to work unreasonable hours..	labels:agreed 100% --- ive already hit those points, and it is not good for anyone let alone my job..
text:It isn't anyone's business what you do on your off hours..	labels:completely agreed! and thanks for listening  :).
text:I do suggest you simply stick to the facts. These are the hours, I can't work more.  You don't need to explain that to anyone. But be firm and polite. And you are very welcome. Sometimes we just need a friend! :D.	labels:its what i needed to hear from someone who is more anonymous (so to speak). who doesnt have a first hand attachment to me, so its a great assessment..
text:I've been in that boat before. It isn't easy, but I learned what I had to do, and I don't get in that boat anymore. And I can see to help others get out.	labels::-)firm and direct is the best approach. esp for my boss. she will appreciate that and then i will stick to what i say!
text:Amen!  GREAT!  I'm glad to hear it!	labels:cheers! take care and have a great day. if you dont do this in your day job, you should consider it. or at least i get the feeling youre there for others.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Are you having a good day?.	labels:doing well, but it could have been better, how are you doing ?
text:I am okay thanks. Do you have anything specific that you'd like to talk to me about?.	labels:yes, I'm currently under pressure to retake a work certification program that is about to expire. I'm not quite ready and I'm about losing my mind as time is fast approaching.
text:I see .. so you feel that you will not be able to pass this program at the current time?.	labels:exactly and I'm afraid of losing my license if I don't, I feel like I'm in a bind.
text:Is there any possibility of postponing this till a later date? For one  thing the world situation is very insecure at the moment and you have the right to say that you just feel that you want to self isolate right now. Are you a member of any sort of union that might be able to liase on your behalf? There are plenty of organisations out there.	labels:My biggest fear is that they are bringing in a newer version of the exam which will require a lengthy time that I don't have to prepare, I will be better off taking the current version, I feel overwhelmed.
text:Okay, well, firstly I think it's a good idea to try to stay calm and not let yourself be overwhelmed. Is it possible to get any sort of tuition to prepare for the exam?.	labels:No I'm not. It's tough for me right now.
text:I am very sorry. I remember very well the stress of exams and the horrible feeling that you might fail..	labels:Thanks for the understanding, the tuition is on me. My only option now will be to take time off from work and see if I can get myself ready in the little time I have.
text:I can tell how insecure you are feeling about this. Does it help to let you know that you are not alone?.	labels:Yes, it helps I'm just hoping the company I work for will understand and give me the time off.
text:Are they normally understanding of things like this? Do you have a good boss?.	labels:yes, I have helped them a couple of times when they are hard pressed on something and needed my help. I'm hoping they reciprocate and bail me out as that's my only hope.
text:It sounds like they are pretty reasonable. I really hope that it goes well for you. Thanks for talking and all the best..	labels:Thanks for listening to me and offering the support, it helped me think it through.
text:I am really glad to hear it. All the best to you..	labels:thank you , it's been nice chatting with you .	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, is there anything on your mind at the moment?.	labels:I'm irritated with family issues atm :(
text:I am sorry to hear that. So, I gather that you and your loved ones are really not getting along right now?.	labels:You could say that haha I haven't even seen her in 4 years and she's trying to turn my family against me due to an argument we had that long ago.
text:Okay which family member is that that you are talking about?.	labels:insecure, narcissistic biological sister who a decade older than me.
text:I see. Family arguments are unfortunately very common so try not to worry too much about it. Do you really need to keep this person in your life though? If you're not speaking, why not just forget about her?.	labels:Because I live in the same area as my parents and any get togethers we have I don't even want to go to so I don't have to see her and she has used that opportunity to turn anyone she can against me, I cut off contact back then too...
text:I am really sorry to hear this. I was in a similar situation with a family member a couple of years ago. I know how tiring it can be.. Have you talked to any of your other family members about this?.	labels:I talk to my mom and one brother about it, the other brother I have unfortunately decided to join in with the behind the scenes trash talk (only because he enjoys drama which she's full of) I never spoke much to the rest of my family anyway (they never could understand me even to a degree we could carry a conversation that isn't small talk jabber) so it's not much of a loss except for what she did today has me kind of P.O.d. Our father is where she got it from.
text:What is it that she did today? I can hear the frustration and anger you are experiencing and I hope that I will be able to do something to help you.	labels:Her daughter (who took more after my personality than hers) came into state and had stated she wanted to stay at her grandparents for the first few days but when she came she ended up going to her moms and when she came to the town we live in she had to bring her mom.  Her mom made her to do that for whatever wacky personal issue/emotions she refuses acknowledge and it's a huge bummer because I haven't seen her about 3 years and have small children so I can't really cross country to go visit too easily.
text:I am sorry to hear this. It sounds like she is being rather toxic. Have you considered getting professional help about this? Would she be prepared to address her issues too?.	labels:That's a huge H E double L lolol I don't love her or value her company enough to consider that, no.  IN fact, I kind of want to solve it by beating the living daylights out of her face lol.
text:Well I do not think that that would be a good thing to do. That would be putting you in the wrong..	labels:Which actually almost happened when we had that silly argument back when but she called our parents and had them intervene and lie for her uuuuuugh.
text:I think that you need to just totally back away from this relationship before something really bad happens. Can you try to just think that she does not exist and not obsess about her?.	labels:Yea, she would most definitely call the cops and press charges because she sucks as a human being which is exactly why she's 4 years in my brain still...  Haaalp meh, you have any suggestions for making the lil devil in my brain chill?
text:I hope that I've been able to be of some help to you and thank you for talking. Enjoy the rest of your day!.	labels:You too, thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, how is your day going?	labels:I am okie. how are you?
text:A little rainy here but I am okay. How do you feel today?	labels:I am feeling frustrated.
text:What is causing you to feel frustrated?	labels:Trying hard to find some work. It's been long time now. I am kind of tired or sick.
text:It definitely can be challenging finding work in a pandemic but don't give up keep searching I am sure you will find something..	labels:I am thinking that I am incapable to do anything.
text:I are capable of doing whatever you decide, maybe try going back to school.. Or you could try a career center that will assist with resumes, interviews, and job searches.	labels:Despite of professional qualification and work experience, it is still hard for me to get it.
text:What is it hard for you to get?	labels:job. I don't know where  I am lacking behind.
text:Maybe try reaching out to Human Resources of the company you are applying for to see what qualifications and experience they are actually looking for. You have to stay encouraged keep trying, it's easy to give up.	labels:Whenever I contact HR they are saying  due to COVID  they are not hiring right now.
text:Well have you thought about changing professions just until thing in your field pick back up?	labels:But I want to do the work which I enjoy. I think that's why I am more frustrated.
text:I understand that you want to do what is enjoyable but how to you know you will not enjoy something else if you don't give it a try?	labels:I think I wont be able to do well in new profession.
text:I recently had to change jobs as well I was very hesitant and not confident about it. Once I started the new job and got the hang of things I couldn't see myself doing anything else at this moment.	labels:Thanks for motivating me. I will try at least..
text:It seems that you have a wonderful personality, you just lack a bit of confidence.	labels:I would try to boost my confidence. Thanks for all your help. Appreciate it.
text:You are welcome, now go out there and get that job!! Have a great day!!	labels:sure! Thank you so much. Happy Holidays and have a wonderful Next Year.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you ?\nHello. I am good, how are you?	labels:I'm doing well, but it could have been better.
text:What seems to be bothering you tonight?	labels:Yes, my boy friend of 3 years has refused to take our relationship to the next level and I'm kind of getting tired, I don't want to play games anymore.
text:So just to make sure I understand completely, you are ready to move on to the next step of your relationship and you don't feel as though your boyfriend is and this is making you anxious and upset,	labels:exactly, I hate to feel that I'm wasting my time.
text:I completely understand that, as I was in a long term relationship and I felt as though my girlfriend at the time did not want to take things to the next step and I was not happy about it.	labels:Yes, I love him so dearly to want to settle down with him, but if he doesn't want that for me I would rather call it quits now than continue and be disappointed at the long run.
text:Have you had that conversation with him? I know it might be a difficult conversation to have, but it is often good to get expectations out in the open so you are on the same page with your partner.	labels:Yes, sort of and he gave me the impression that he is not there yet and that was a like almost a year ago, I don't want it to look like I'm pushing him if I try to talk to him again about it. His nonchalant attitude in not seeing the seriousness of it is killing me, I'm just not happy..
text:That is tough, but sometimes people just portray things differently, for instance I am also very laid back and nonchalant about most things which can lead to miscommunications. I don't think it would be pushing if you haven't had that conversation in almost a year.	labels:I hope you are right, just don't want to come across as a desperate person and that's why I'm setting myself up to call it quits if he tries to sound like he sounded the last time..
text:You need to know where he is so you can make a good decision for yourself! I know it is difficult, but I know you can get through it!	labels:You are right, that's exactly what I'm going to do because the wait is killing me..
text:Good, I am happy for you!	labels:Thank you very much, you've been a great help.
text:I am glad I was able to help!	labels:Thanks, it was nice chatting with you.
text:You're welcome! If you need any more help just chat back with us again.	labels:no problem, take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello. What are some of the quickest ways to kill myself?
text:Have you talked to someone about this?	labels:No, why bother? Everyone is just cruel. People are selfish.
text:I understand people can be cruel and selfish, but not everyone is. Some people want to help! Life is definitely worth living for.	labels:Not at all. Why would I want to live in a degenerate world where millions die everyday? Be it hunger, disease, murder... Human beings are disgusting. We should go extinct.
text:Talking to someone you are close to, like a family member who cares about you, can definitely help. Can you try talking to someone?	labels:Family? My family kicked me out of their own house 3 years ago. I am nothing but a burden for them. They would just appreciate if I died.
text:What about close friends, or people you care about? I am sure they would not want to lose you.	labels:I have NO ONE that cares about me. Not a single being. Are overdoses painful?
text:I care.	labels:I doubt you do. You are just getting paid to be here.
text:Just from chatting with you, I can feel how sad you are about life and maybe a little overwhelmed with what the next step of life is.	labels:What would be that next step if I asked you?
text:I used to be really sad about life too. However, helping others who are sad helped me become happier, knowing that I am helping others also become happier.	labels:What makes you think someone as useless as me could provide any help?
text:Take a deep breathe and think about any happy memories. If you are sad right now, the only way is up from here! I believe no one is useless. We were all brought on this earth for a reason..	labels:That's a very optimistic view...
text:Like I said, I used to be sad too and not optimistic. But now I am optimistic because I know what it is like to be sad, and I don't want others to feel how I have felt in the past..	labels:I guess that's a way to view it...	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hello.
text:How has your day been?	labels:Okay I guess.
text:Has there been anything that has been bothering you?	labels:I have been very depressed lately.
text:What do you think has been causing your depression?	labels:I was raped when I was a teenager by my boyfriend and as you can see its still haunting me to this day.
text:That definitely is a very impactful event, but you've already been so strong for reaching out.	labels:Thank you. I feel as if I lost who I am after that happened.
text:I think it would be okay to allow yourself grieve because in a sense the person you were has now changed due to this event.	labels:It is very hard to be in another sexual relationship after that has happened. Im not sure I will every be the same again.
text:I understand, I had a similar event where I was taken advantage of with similar feelings.  I personally decided to share all my feelings with my new partner and we went very slow only doing things I was comfortable with. That may be a strategy you could use to help move back into having a sexual relationship with someone.	labels:That seems like a good idea. But, what if my partner doesn't have empathy for those sort of things. Im worried he will not care.
text:In good relationships both partners have mutual respect for each which extends into their sexual relationship.  Remember you haven't lost your self worth, and you deserve someone who respects you.	labels:I suppose. I just dont want to burden my new relationship with my past issues.
text:Your past is definitely not a burden, it's part of you, even if it's not a positive experience.  By sharing your past, it would bring you closer as a couple.	labels:I guess you are right.
text:Another thing that could help you navigate new relationships is counseling.  I've had counseling sessions that have greatly helped me in the past.	labels:I will look into that tomorrow. Thank you for your advice and time. I truly appreciate it.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How are you doing?	labels:Hello. Not so well. I have a very stressful job situation right now.
text:Oh no, I am very sorry to hear about that. Can you tell me more about your situation?	labels:I really never got along with my coworkers. I think they purposefully harrass me sometimes. For example, yesterday during lunch time, they took my soda and threw it on the garbage can, then said "oops, I thought it was empty".
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. It sounds like you are being bullied at work. Is that right?	labels:If that defines it as bullying, then yes, that's right. On top of that, my boss seems to hate me, and treats others much better than me.
text:I can definitely understand why that would e so stressful for you. It hurts when your hard work goes unrecognized..	labels:I feel like I meet all the standards that are expected from me at work. I don't know what else do they want. Maybe it has to do with my appearance? Do they dislike me because I am obese?
text:Have you tried asking your boss for a one on one talk where you can talk about ways you can improve? I did that before and I found that it was super helpful in seeing a new perspective about me. And please don't think you are disliked because you are obese. I can assure you, you are beautiful..	labels:No, I haven't tried that. And I appreciate it, but you have no way of assuring that I am beautiful when you haven't seen me. Beautiness is relative too. Maybe I am dislikeable for my coworkers but pretty for someone else. Do you think my boss will react positively to your suggestion?
text:Okay, well maybe that may be a good place to start with your boss? I think it will be a great place to start. Sometimes it helps to reach out and hear other's perspective of you.. What do you think about that suggestion? Are you hesitant about it?	labels:I feel like maybe I can give it a try.
text:And I think everyone is beautiful. You are definitely right about beauty being relative. I personally choose to see the beauty in everything and it has made life a lot more beautiful for me..	labels:That's a pretty view to have about beauty. Keep it up : )
text:That's great! How about your coworkers. Do you feel like it might be worth talking to them about what they have been doing to you?	labels:I honestly kind of fear them. I just want them to leave me alone.	episode_done:True
text:Can you please share what is on your mind?	labels:Hello. I am dissapointed in the teachers that I always get. They seem to make my courses so much harder. I think I just get incredibly unlucky at times.
text:I see. You feel unlucky and disappointed that the teachers cause your courses to be challenging?	labels:Exactly. I compare myself to my friends and, for example, they get barely any homework. It almost seems unfair.
text:Course work is already stressful enough but to be challenging in addition only adds to the pressure.	labels:Yeah. But I swear, every single one of my teachers just seems so imcompetent at times.
text:I remember an English teacher of mine, always calling me out in class, saying that she expects better of me when my papers weren't the best. Her class was hard and I worked hard to complete my assignments as instructed. Instead of her speaking with me personally, she'd embarrass me. I did not like her class at all..	labels:Those are the worst teachers. I wish teachers like those would get fired. I just want to have a chill time like most teenagers.
text:Is there enough time to maybe select more compatible teachers or speak with the school counselor about classes that work best for you?	labels:That's the thing. I never get to pick my classes. And they always give me crap recommendations. I Think I need to drop by the office.
text:That is a great idea. I'd encourage you to speak with your school counselor to share your needs and maybe the 2 of you can come up with a plan to create a schedule with teachers that can help you be successful..	labels:I am absolutely certain that I am capable of succeeding at school without over stressing. Hopefuly this will fix the issue.
text:I believe you are correct! Less stress certainly creates a better learning environment. School counselors are your ally. Remember, you can go to them anytime you need them. Are you stopping by this week?	labels:Maybe. If I have time on thursday or friday, I think I will go.
text:I am so excited for you! This is a big step! Looking out for yourself, to assure you are happy, less stressed and learning the important things to be able to graduate.	labels:I agree...
text:For your next year, asking upperclassmen about their teachers can give you insight on who you may have next year. The more you know in advance, the better you can plan for what to discuss with your counselor. So proud of you! I know you 2 will come up with an awesome schedule!	labels:Thank you. I will try my best.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How is life treating you at the moment?.	labels:Hello, I have been concerned lately.
text:So you have some worries about life? Would you like to share them?.	labels:I keep failing online classes even when I seem to have them under control. I think it might have something to do with me playing too much videogames.
text:Do you feel that perhaps you are playing video games as a distraction from how bad the world is at the moment?.	labels:No, I don't think that's it. I have been playing games since I was 6.
text:Ah, so it's a long term hobby? I do love gaming myself I have to admit.. Could you perhaps set yourself some strict boundaries, like you can only do a certain number of hours of gaming a day?.	labels:I tried, but my online rank not being where I want it gives me anxiety. and I keep coming back. Just one more match, just one more, I keep telling me.
text:It sounds like you might have a genuine addiction to gaming. Do you think you might benefit from some counselling? There are organisations that can help..	labels:Do you really think it's that severe?
text:Well, if it is affecting your grades and the rest of your real life then it might be. And it's best to catch these things before they get worse..	labels:The thing is, I keep telling myself I have enough time to get my school work done. But sooner than later I realize the assignments are already past their due date.
text:Have you been getting into trouble with your teachers about this or has no-one noticed so far?.	labels:Yeah, I have. They say that I am either super invested on my school work or that I lack any signs of effort at times.
text:Does your school have a counsellor?.	labels:Yeah, they assigned me one.
text:Do you feel that they have not been of any help?. There are always external counsellors that you could speak to. How would you feel if, for instance, you were never allowed to game again? Would that significantly affect your quality of life?.	labels:I really haven't reached out to them, so that's probably on me.
text:I do understand that it can be very difficult to open up about having a problem.	labels:But I don't think I have a problem. I just wanted to get plat in League of Legends. My teammates suck sadly. so I couldn't.
text:The trouble is that sometimes the person with a problem can be the last to actually realise it. I hope that I've been able to give you something to think about :) It's been nice to talk!.	labels:Thank you. Yeah I might talk to someone.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how is your day today?	labels:Hello. Not so good. I lost my cat recently. It surely feels... overwhelming at times.
text:That is a very hard thing to be going through where you very close to your cat?	labels:Yes, I had her for 11 years. She died of natural causes. I lived alone with her. The house feels extremely empty now...
text:I am very sorry to hear that i have also lost a pet earlier this year his name was fish and was only 3 years old he unfortunately passed due to liver cancer. It was a very trying experience but slowly the pain of his passing has got a little bit easier. Have you tried talking about this loss to friends of family?	labels:No. My family lives in another country, and I really don't have any close friends.
text:What have your feelings been like after the passing of your cat?	labels:I feel hopeless. Alone. I feel like a chunk of myself passed along with her.
text:Those are completely valid feelings to have at this time. Have you considered getting a small reminder of your cat perhaps a small shrine or tribute to him/her? Her I apologize for the confusion.	labels:No. I fear that things like that may remind me of her and make me feel worse.
text:Expressing your emotion is very healthy for example maybe taking up a new hobby or trying something new that scares or excites you to get your mind off of this difficult time.	labels:I used to play videogames before. Now I'm not so sure I would enjoy them.
text:What was your favorite genre of video games?	labels:First person shooters and MMORPG's.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How may I help you today?.	labels:Hello. Everytime I Feel like I can get close to someone they show me they really never cared. I feel like I keep getting stabbed in the back.
text:I am sorry that you feel that way.  Have you tried asking them why they don't express care towards you?	labels:Why bother? They most have more important friends out there. Yeah, that's surely why. I am just someone they just met, why would they care anyways.
text:If they don't see on the same level as you do then maybe it is time to seek new friends. .	labels:Could it be that I keep trying to approach people without knowing if we have common interests or not for example?
text:It takes time to build friendships and relations.  The best way to establish the connection is to find individuals who share similar interests with you.. There is no harm to approach people and introduce yourself.  Find some common interests by asking a few questions.  If you like the individuals' personality and if they seem genuine then you can seek a stronger connection..	labels:I think it's because I like anime. Maybe people hate me for it. You know, they call us "weebs" and make fun of us...
text:Anime you say?  I love anime as well!  For me, I use the interest of anime to seek groups who are interested in anime as well.	labels:Do those really exist? I feel like everyone I meet gets turned down when I tell them I like anime...
text:There are plenty of individuals who shares common interests like you do!  Do not let other's opinions hinder your judgement..	labels:I know you are right, but... it's easier said than done.
text:I highly suggest joining open online forums like reddit.  There you can find anime groups that you can join.  They will be more than happy to share similar interests with you..	labels:Do you recommend joining something like an anime club then?
text:I highly recommend for you to join an anime club or group.  These places are great for you to establish a strong connection with others through shared interests. . Anime clubs are found in schools and on social media!	labels:That's what I was thinking too. My college has one manga and anime club I believe. I just fear that I might get socially rejected at first.
text:They have one?  That is fantastic!. Don't be afraid!  They will love to take you in as a member don't worry. .	labels:I wouldn't be so sure, but thanks, I guess I might get lucky.
text:Part of finding new friendship is to put aside any doubts and uncertainties and say "what the heck" and just go for it! You are very welcome!  I am glad I can help!.	labels:You are absolutely right, I might be overthinking this lol.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there how are you feeling today?.	labels:Hey, how are you?
text:I am not too bad thanks. Is there anything on your mind?.	labels:I'm doing alright, trying to keep in the holiday spirits. Feeling a bit down, due to my work situation.
text:You're having problems at work? Does this involve coworkers or is it about your financial situation?.	labels:More financial situation, I was informed that my hours are reduce and will not get an extenison on my job contract.
text:I am really sorry to hear that. Is that due to the pandemic? Times are really hard for everyone right now unfortunately..	labels:Yeah my company isn't doing to well at the moment and they are trying their best to keep everyone but they had to make massive cuts/
text:I can tell from your messages that you are feeling deeply anxious. Are you worried that you might not be able to support your family?.	labels:That is my biggest concern at the moment, I cut all of my expenses. I didn;t ask my family but they cut a few things out as well. But I feel that I'm not providing for them.
text:It is a really difficult situation to be in, especially as it's through no fault of your own. Would you consider taking on some part time work for a while?.	labels:I would, I'm doing odd jobs here and there but no one is really hiring where I live.
text:There's a big gig economy out there on the internet - you could always try looking there?.	labels:I will try and good into that, I do feel a bit better. I wish I could do more like I used too.
text:The restrictions are really getting me down as well although I understand why they are necessary. Hopefully the year to come will be better for us all..	labels:I hope so, I do feel better and optimistic. I do understand a lot of people are going through what I'm going through.
text:I hope I am not being patronising by saying that. I know that just because other people feel bad that doesn't mean you automatically have to cheer up :).	labels:I just forget that everyone is going through tough times, I was feeling down and being hard to myself the past week. But need to realize we are in bad times currently..
text:Maybe you could plan something fun to do once this is all over - a mini break perhaps? Gives you something to look forward to.	labels:Haha I wish, I do have something in mind. Maybe might buy my favorite cigar and whiskey and enjoy myself this weekend.
text:That sounds like a really great idea! Sometimes even little things can make a big difference to us.	labels:Yeah, I should plan a little me time from time to time and destress from everything..
text:Be good to yourself! I hope that I've managed to help a little..	labels:Thanks for helping, I'm glad we chatted.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you feeling today?	labels:Hi. I'm feeling okayish.
text:It sounds like there maybe something you need to get off of your chest.	labels:Absolutely. I recently broke up with my girlfriend. We had been together for more than 3 years.
text:What happened that made you guys break up?	labels:She said that she simply wasn't in love anymore, and that she didn't have the same feelings she did at the beginning.
text:I have also had this situation happen to me. Maybe it just wasn't the right timing or she had other interests..	labels:She was so important for me. I feel so empty.... I Feel like I'm never finding anyone like her ever again,
text:The first step of a break should be to starting loving thyself. If you get out there and find hobbies you enjoy, who knows, you may find someone that will love you more than you could imagine. Take it from me, I've had this happen. Sitting around sulking about it is only going to delay things in your life.	labels:It's easier said than done. At times I would rather maybe just dissapear. I have never had anyone else show romantic interest in me before.
text:What is your age?	labels:I am 25 at the moment.
text:You still have your whole life ahead of you. Some people don't find a partner until their 40's or even 50's. When I left my ex I found this guy that I truly fell in love with. He is still sulking in his living room. I told him that if he didn't move one that he wouldnt get anywhere in life. I told him that if he cared about me, he would move on because thats truly what I would want him to do and I think thats what your girl would want you to do as well..	labels:I disagree with you regarding that maybe that is what she wants me to do. I don't think she cares about me at the slightest anymore. I was a burden for her and will probably keep being it for any woman I meet.
text:Did she give you any reasons to why she wasn't in love anymore?	labels:I think she wasn't feeling physically attracted to me anymore.
text:Did you ever think she maybe possibly has been cheating?	labels:I could not say for sure. But I surely think she wouldn't cheat on me.
text:Has she ever tried to hide text messages, lock her phone, or tell you she is too busy to come over?	labels:Actually, In the past few months she has kinda freaked out everytime I tried to get her phone for her. As if she didn't want me to see something.
text:Im sorry that this stressful for you. In my past, I have had exes do that to me. Most likely she was cheating on you and this was the reason for her motives..	labels:I can't believe she would do something like that... I really need to confront her about it. I can't have this doubt on my chest.
text:I would definitely confront her about it. I wouldn't get angry or fight about it. Maybe she if she has a new boyfriend already. That is a really good indicator.	labels:You are right. I need to take this slowly and calmly.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you?	labels:I'm fine, but could be better just not too happy with my situation. Hope you are doing great.
text:I am well. What's going on?	labels:yes, have a friend who I'm very close to , but have noticed she doesn't tell me the truth this days. And not only that she has been distancing as in not calling , always waiting for me to call. I call her about a week ago, but wasn't happy how she dismissed my call within seconds telling me she will call me back only for her not to call till to day. I don 't feel like calling her again.
text:So it seems like you have been noticing some distance between you and a friend and it also seems like he/she is not putting as much as effort into your relationship as you are. It seems at times that you put in all the work and that it's one-sided. Does that sound about right?	labels:You are absolutely correct and this is someone I care so much about.
text:This must be very hard on you. How does this make you feel?	labels:Oh it is very depressing, have known her for a very long time about 16years now.
text:Sixteen years is a long time. I recently when through a similar situation with a friend. In my case, sitting down and communicating how I feel about the situation really did resolve many things. It made me understand why all of a sudden she was being distant and in the long run, it made our bond even stronger.	labels:That's very good to hear. I would have loved to do ask her what the problem is, but knowing how she is hiding some things from me, I just don't feel comfortable approaching her. I had this feeling she is doing it on purpose, I just don't understand why..
text:I think you should try to honestly talk to her about how you feel and express to her that you are concerned. If she blows you off or ignores you, maybe consider rethinking your friendship. I know 16 years is a long time, but don't feel like you have to hold on to a relationship that is creating all of these negative feelings and unnecessary stress in your life. Friendships are meant to bring you up, encourage you, and hold you through the dark times. If she does not take your concerns seriously, consider taking a break and being distant.. I know this seems hard, but I believe that you can do it!	labels:I will give it a try, but it's very hard for me to swallow the way she has treated me..
text:People change sometimes and it is hard to understand. I want you to know that you are ENOUGH! You are smart and beautiful. Maybe it's time for this relationship to come to a close, but other people will come your way that will treat you like you deserve. I know it's painful now, but you will be stronger and better for going through this..	labels:Thanks for understanding, I feel better now.  I will give it sometime and if I don't feel like it or don't hear from her any more, I will take it that it's time to move on.
text:I think that is a good approach. You will get through this!	labels:You have been a big help and I can't thank you enough.
text:Anytime. I hope your feeling even a little better. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:No, you've helped enough already and I thank you once again for your support. I wish I had chatted with you sooner.
text:Glad to be of service to you. If there is nothing else, feel free to click quit whenever your ready. Aww, I am so glad that I was of help to you.	labels:okay, no problem . Nice chatting with you. Take care and bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. How are you tonight?	labels:Feeling depressed as usual.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What has you feeling depressed?	labels:Everything. Life. It's awful. How many years do you really need to stop enjoying this place. Ya know what I mean.
text:I understand, but just to make sure I know what is going on fully, you are depressed in general and don't know how to get through it.	labels:I would say that is fairly accurate. Often times, I wish an asteroid would come down and begin the apocolypse. Something to break up the routine. Don't you find life utterly boring and repetitive?
text:Just from these few messages, I can tell you are extremely upset about this. I have had problems in the past with depression as well, I used to have severe anxiety as well.	labels:Sorry to hear that. Anxiety and depression are dual bladed sword of badness. Really bad mixture. I never struggled too much with anxiety.
text:It was tough. Have you thought about consulting a psychological professional to help with this issue? I did when I was going through my depression and it really helped.	labels:NO! I would never do that. I'm already on anti depressants. That didn't help at all. I just don't understand why people like life enough to make more people! It is madness!
text:I didn't like the meds that they gave me either, however I felt that talking to someone helped me a great deal.	labels:Well, I'm glad it helped you. I'm not just saying that. Being depressed is awful. What did it do for you? How so?
text:It was good to be able to talk to an objective third party about what was going on. It allowed me to get my feelings out without the threat of being judges or harrassed.	labels:I understand. Well, I appreciate your time and advice. I just don't feel like you and I are understanding each other very well, though. Anyway, you made your bonus. I appreciate you trying to help me, though. We got to talk for another 4 minutes though.
text:Have you tried to focus on more of your hobbies in order to get your mind off of things?	labels:I used to have more hobbies. Now, I'm not so motivated to do much of anything anymore. I used to play instruments. I like hiking a little, but it is winter now. So... I can't even do that. Plus... I have to travel really far to do that because there is nothing to hike that is very close.
text:Why did you stop playing insturments?	labels:I just lost interest. I'm losing interest in everything, man. I think it's time for my heart to give out and make space for the new, ya know. Cross my fingers at least. Dying in your sleep would be best. Wouldn't that be nice? You just drift off after your heart stops in a dream?
text:I certainly hope you don't do that!	labels:Well, that's nice. You are a nice person. Anyway, You finally earned your 3 dollars and 50 cents. You tried. I appreciate it. Goodbye fellow mturker slave.
text:I apologize that I wasn't able to make you feel any better.	labels:NO! DOnt you dare. It is all k. goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello. How may i help you today?	labels:I am feeling  depressed .I don't feel like doing anything.
text:What got you depressed?	labels:I don't know. Maybe stuck at one place.
text:What have you tried to do to control it?	labels:don't know what to do.
text:Everything is going to be okay keep your head up it will get better in time for you. Maybe you should go out for a walk and do some hobbies you like to do. I understand how you feeling nobody should go through depression alone.	labels:I am becoming lazy day by day. Things are scattered and disorganized.
text:Don't let it take control of you that is what it is trying to do. I suffer from depression once in a while and what i do is to try my best to remain positive and let myself know it is going to be okay i will get through this.	labels:I am trying it but not working on me. I feel like my life is no use.
text:You should never feel like your life is no use because it is you have a lot to live for. you have to control those negative thoughts and replace them with positive thoughts i know it is hard but believe me you will feel better.	labels:I tried to stay positive but these negative thoughts are always stuck in my head despite of trying to not think about it..
text:you have control of your mind and i know you can control those negative thoughts don't let those negative thoughts win.	labels:I  would try to do it. Thanks.
text:your welcome you will get through this i know you will.	labels:Thank you for all your good words.
text:no problem.	labels:I feel sleepy all the time.
text:have you tried to do some exercise that works dealing with depression.	labels:I don't feel doing it. I might do it now. I want to come out of it. thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there how are you today?.	labels:I feel horrible to be honest. I can't get anything done.
text:I am really sorry to hear that.. would you like to talk about it?.	labels:I guess... But I doubt this will be of any help. I am just here because my mother pressured me.
text:So, I hear you saying that you're not enthusiastic about having to talk about your problems?.	labels:I really never find why telling my problems to a stranger can result helpful.
text:I do understand. I've tried therapy myself and was very hesitant at first. But after a while I found it really did help. Do you feel ready to tell me what specifically is wrong?.	labels:Everything has been going wrong. I have no friends, 0 luck with dating. School sucks. I fail my classes. I can't find a job.
text:Well, let's take these one at a time. Firstly, is there something you could do to make friends? Join a group of some kind?.	labels:Do you mean like joining a club at school or something?
text:What about something like a book club or a gym?. You never know, you might also find a date there :).	labels:I hate exercising. I like reading manga every now and then. I guess I am just a depressed weeb. I'm so useless....
text:No you are not. Thinking like that is a symptom of depression. It is perfectly normal but there is help available..	labels:The thing is I would be in a much better place in life right now if I were capable of it. I am just not fit for society.
text:I do understand. I have suffered severe depression and I know how debilitating it is. Can you see your doctor?.	labels:Yeah, I probably can.
text:Would you be prepared to take medication? I know a lot of people hate the idea but it can really help..	labels:Medication? Am I some kind of crazy psycho now? No, not at all.
text:I was talking about anti depressants :). I use prozac and it helps a lot..	labels:Prozac? Could you tell me more about it...?
text:Yes - it is an anti depressant drug that was developed about thirty years ago. It works by preventing your brain from reuptaking serotonin.	labels:Is that some kind of hormone that makes me feel down?
text:Serotonin actually makes you feel good. In a  depressed person it can be reuptaken by the brain too rapidly however, leaving you feeling low. Prozac prevents this from happening.. I hope I have been able to help you. Enjoy your day!.	labels:Thank you. You too...	episode_done:True
text:Yo.\nHi, how are you doing?	labels:I am decent. I am here because my friend talks way too much on the phone, and it frustrates me. They never want to hang up, and the talk can literally go on for hours.
text:It sounds like it would be quite frustrating for your friend to talk way too much on the phone..	labels:No, he loves it! I'm the one who hates it.
text:My goodness! How do they respond when you ask to end the conversation?	labels:I tell him, but he just doesn't get it. Or, he says he understands, but then just goes back to talking! Or, he may finally end the talk, but the next time we talk, he will just do it all over again!
text:I wonder what it would be like for him if you hung up the phone even after he said he still wanted to talk. Wow--that does sound annoying that he will repeat the same pattern the next time.	labels:He will literally talk up to 10 minutes without letting you have a word in. As far as that advice, I have hung up, but he gets extremely offended easily.
text:That sounds really difficult if he gets offended so easily. I find it hard to talk to some of those kinds of friends.	labels:I'm at my wits end. I tell him all the time. "You talk too much. You gotta stop talking at me. You gotta give the other person a turn. You gotta respect other's time."
text:What do you get out of the friendship with this other person?	labels:Well, I've been friends with him for a long time. He's funny and can have interesting perspectives on things. Also, we have done a lot together in the past.
text:That sounds like a lot that the two of you have been through. Were there other times that your friends was more equally responsive or attuned to you in conversations?	labels:Oh, yes, I have other friends in conversations who can take turns and understand the concept of time just fine. I just don't know what to do about this guy in particular. I still want to be his friend, but he just doesn't change.
text:I wonder if there is anything nice you could do for yourself when you are talking to him that would make it easier to talk to him.	labels:Do you think I should just have a timer that goes off at 1 minute and let it beep in his face if he goes on for too long to train him like a monkey?
text:I can see that you are feeling upset and angry when he talks so much and that is totally understandable..	labels:I just need a method. Talking to him is just not working. He is hard to condition.
text:Would it hurt his feelings to use a timer like that? It may for some other people..	labels:Yea, but I might be able to slip some humour in there to take the edge off because it is so silly.
text:Humor is really helpful for a lot of people..	labels:Any other ideas?
text:Sometimes, people draw or do something else distracting with their hands when talking to someone who dominates the conversation.	labels:So your option is to start just doing something else when he is talking? He might get the message in a subtle way?
text:Sometimes that is a less offensive way to retrain someone who is being obnoxious or dominant and yet who is easily offended. And, it can help preserve your sense of being grounded. The strategy works well for me with some of my family members who seem like they will never change. But, with distraction, I enjoy them all the more.	labels:This is true, and it isn't bade advice. Haha! That is funny. Yes, maybe I should find something to carry around with me that I can enjoy. I don't really like to draw...
text:Is there anything else that you like to do that would be distracting while also letting you somewhat participate in the conversation?	labels:Yes, perhaps I should just use the internet when he starts talking too much. I have a phone.
text:That sounds really helpful. Sometimes people also play phone games or with a fidget spinner. I like your idea of looking on the internet.	labels:This solves the problem in person, but it doesn't solve the talks over the phone, but it has been 15 minutes now and this has been helpful enough. Thank you for your solutions. You have been very supportive and kind to me. I don't want to take up any more of your time. It has been a good conversation.
text:You are very welcome. I wish you all the best!	labels:Goodbye. You as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hey.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing alright, trying to stay cheerful.
text:That's great, especially around this time of the Holidays.	labels:Yeah, it is good because of the holidays.
text:So, how are things in your life?	labels:Not to bad, just had a death in the family. Pretty bummed about it because we are a close to our extended family and can't visit one another to grieve.
text:I'm very sorry to hear that. Not being able to be with family when something like that happens is incredibly difficult, those are the people you want to be around the most.	labels:Yeah, we just had a virtual funeral for him and it was painful to watch. We couldn't console those who needed it.
text:I actually had a death in a family a few months ago as well, with a virtual funeral. I really empathize with the way you and your family are feeling. But you know, I tried to look at the virtual funeral as a way for so many people to pay tribute in a way they couldn't in person. People from all over get their chance to say goodbye.	labels:Yeah thats a good way to look at it, the whole family was able to get together in one place and was able participate safely. We also chatted hours afterwards. I did feel better about it.
text:Truly, everyone got to participate and pay tribute together. Virtually or not, you were all together.	labels:Yes it is, I do wish we can meet in person but COVID. I do feel better though, this was the best case scenario. Got to meet everyone and say my goodbyes at least.
text:That's a great way to look at it. In a year where COVID had gotten in the way of so many plans, I think it's really great to try and extract the best experience we can.	labels:Yeah try to stay safe together and reduce the spread of this diseases..
text:Exactly, trying to be safe together to keep everyone else safe. Looking out for one another is something this year has made really important.	labels:Hopefully the cases start declining, it is not doing well for peoples mental health. Just had a friend die from mental illness..
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. How are you dealing with that loss?	labels:I'm doing alright, I feel my mental health is weakening as time goes by do to zero interaction and remote working. But staying strong and managing..
text:I'm glad to hear you're doing alright. The lack of human connection and socialization this past year has definitely been very difficult.	labels:Yeah, thanks for the talk. I feel much better. It is good to talk things talk and get them off of your chest.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, what brings you to seek support, today?	labels:I am having ongoing depression.
text:I'm very sorry to hear that. The fact that it is ongoing must make it even harder. What symptoms do you have and when did it first begin?	labels:I have the symptoms of sadness and anxiety. It first began a couple of weeks ago.
text:I see. Are you sad or anxious about anything in particular?	labels:Yes, I am sad and anxious about the coronavirus. I miss seeing my friends and family.
text:It sounds like you must really care about your friends and family, and this awful pandemic is prevent your from seeing them.	labels:Yes, definitely. I hope the pandemic will end.
text:I know this may sound personal, but it is completely normal to have these thoughts though... have you thought about dying at all?	labels:I haven't thought about dying at all. I take medication each day for my depression, but there are times when I still feel sad.
text:Okay, thanks for sharing that personal information. I only ask because thoughts of suicide are normal and anxiety and depression increase the chances of suicide..	labels:You're welcome. I understand, but I am not suicidal.
text:What would you like to talk about, then? We could talk about the problem more, or if you feel like it is defined, we could talk about solutions, or not talk about solutions at all. What would make you feel better?	labels:I would like to talk about solutions since I feel like the problem is defined.
text:I know what it is like to be depressed. I also take medication for this. For solutions, studies show that working out and exercising can help depression. Have you considered this?	labels:Yes, I enjoy taking walks and doing a cardio workout at home.
text:That's great! What ways do you think you could communicate more with your family?	labels:I could communicate more with my family by calling them on the phone, texting, emailing, or talking to them on Zoom.
text:You listed a lot of good solutions such as zoom and texting. Do you think doing that would make you feel less depressed?	labels:Yes, I think that Zoom and texting would make me feel less depressed.
text:Well, let me ask you this. I noticed that you had many solutions off-hand that you could tell me, and you also said it could help you with your depression. May I ask what is keeping you from using these methods?	labels:Wanting to stay in bed is keeping me from using these methods..
text:Oh, I completely understand. Depression has that effect. But maybe you can talk to your loved ones while in bed? How do you feel about that?	labels:I feel okay about that.
text:Well, it's worth a try, right!	labels:Yes, it is worth a try. Thank you for all of your help!
text:Thank you for allowing us to complete this task as well. I know depression can cause us to lose motivation, so I really appreciate it. I hope you feel better.	labels:Thank you.
text:You are welcome. Goodbye.	labels:Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Hello. How are you?
text:ok. How can I be of service tonight.	labels:I'm just feeling sad and depressed over the breakup that I described above. Hoping for some inspiration.
text:Tell me more please I am all ears.	labels:I feel so betrayed. I was completely caught off guard. Now I don't know what to do with myself.
text:When did this happen, How long ago.	labels:Just this last week. I came home from work early Thursday. I guess I should have texted first so he could get rid of the guy. Or maybe not. Maybe it's better that I found out.
text:So you had been together for awhile and all of  a sudden he has another person in his life.	labels:We were together almost ten years. Over nine and a half. I had no idea. I don't think the guy is even someone he really cares about. I don't know.
text:Was this guy an associate of yours as well. So basically this guy was a stranger that you know of.	labels:Yes that's right, I'd never seen him before.
text:Did you have any children between you.	labels:No, it was just the two of us. And two cats. Who are still here with me. There's that at least.
text:DiId your partner work also.	labels:Just from home. Self-published author, some online work, stuff like that. He made about as much as I did, I wasn't the sole breadwinner or anything.
text:Maybe the time on his hands enabled to him meet someone while you were working. Did he have a following that you knew of. has there been habits like this before.	labels:Maybe it did. There are some fans of his work on social media, and he's on all the popular social media sights. I don't know if he me the guy online or what. There hasn't been anything like this before that I know of. Maybe there was. I trusted him and didn't look at his messages or anything.
text:His actions none the less are not right. Do you have an idea his websites.	labels:No, they weren't, I agree there. He took all his devices with him. I can see his stuff from a user point of view, like anyone else in the public could, but nothing of his personal stuff.
text:The fact that he cheated on you and I assume you broke up with him is hard. He must have a special account that people can access to, can you possibly find it out.	labels:Yeah, we're over. And it is hard. I'll get past it I suppose. I don't think I could, but I don't really want to anyway at this point. It's not going to help us get back together or anything.
text:Maybe you need to focus on you now, and plan your days ahead.	labels:I think you're right. Just look forward.
text:Had you known before hand it might be of help, but the sudden impact does not make it any better. if you look back you will have regrets. If you look forward you will see a future.	labels:You're right. Thank you for listening. I feel a little better already. I'll get through this. Me and the cats :-)
text:Take a cup of coffee, sit and write your thoughts then burn them.	labels:Sounds like a good plan.
text:Write your past down then throw it into a fire.	labels:Thank you again. I'm going to go ahead and wrap up the conversation. I'll be okay.
text:OK. Have a blessed night.	labels:You too. Take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hello...I have never done this before.\nHello how are you doing today?	labels:I am doing ok,and yourself?
text:I am doing good, is there anything you would like to talk about?	labels:yes,I have never talked about it with any of my friends not even the ones closest to me.....about 5 years ago when my daughter was 16 she was sexually assaulted while at a sleepover at her friend's house.
text:I am so sorry. I understand it must be hard to deal with I myself have a daughter. Did you press charges?	labels:yes we did,there was an investigation and a trial that we had to testify at but unfortunatly he was found not guilty which I will never understand.
text:That must be awful for her as well as you, I feel that sometimes the victims are left in the shadows when it comes to sexual assault. How is your daughter doing now?.	labels:It was hard on her she felt like what was the point of it all for the jury not to believe her ..I kept telling her  I was proud of her because it was a very brave thing to do..i also feel like this is why victims don't speak up out of fear of not being believed. she is doing well now,she has a job and she is now a mom herself,my grandson is 15 months old.
text:That's true alot of people dont come forward with sexual assault due to being not believed. She was very brave, and is a role model for others!	labels:it was good she had really supportive friends to help her through it.
text:Yes friends are very helpful, Im glad she had that.	labels:She was also in therapy for a time.
text:Therapy can be a great thing especially if you find that one therapist you feel comfortable with. It always helps to talk about things.	labels:I think it was beneficial,I just wished she continued on with it..she stopped because her therapist left the practice. Thanks for the chat,but I got to go.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi, I can't see the upper box that you can see, so what brings you to seek support?	labels:can you see it now?
text:I'm sorry, I cannot. Sadly, the program is bad. You will have to restate your concerns.	labels:I recently lost my job  I am very upset about my economic situation.
text:I'm so sorry. I'm sure that would be very upsetting, and very concerning for your future. That sounds awful!	labels:Yes, I am worried that I will not  be able to pay my bills,  I am looking for a job but because of the pandemic is hard to get one. any advice.
text:Okay, so it sounds like you cannot pay the bills, you are looking for a job, and the economic situation is tough right now due to the pandemic. This is your main concern for the conversation, then? To discuss how to secure another job?	labels:yes It is my main concern.
text:Have you consulted with a job center, a life coach, or any other resource such as online websites? These may be useful.	labels:I have looked on websites. They offer with job consultants  but there is a lot of volume of calls with the same problem.
text:I am sure you will be able to get a new job if you have the commitment. Maybe you can tell me a little more about what type of job you are looking for?	labels:I am looking for a customer service type of job where I can work from home if is possible.
text:Okay, that sounds like a great start. Many jobs have moved to being remote, so I can see that as a great alternative. I know there are many covid tracing jobs by phone that pay well. Have you searched for those on any online websites? Would that interest you?.	labels:Yes I had  search I am still waiting for a reply. I really interests me since I have some customer service experience.  I hope they call me soon.
text:Wow, that is terrific! I know those are in high-demand right now, so I wouldn't be surprised if they did call you back. Your experience will definitely make you more marketable as well.	labels:Yes , thanks for your help and advice.
text:Have you had anyone look at your resume to see if improvements could be made while you wait?	labels:Yes I have someone check my resume and update it ..
text:Okay, that's great. Today, many resumes are not screened by humans, but by computers, analyzing for key words, first.	labels:yes, thanks a lot for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling frustrated. I have been looking for an alternate place to live, but I have not been able to find a place that I can afford that is close to my work.
text:I know sometime it's really frustrating. I am pretty sure you will definitely able to find one.	labels:My partner said that if I do not move out, they will put my clothes and belonging outside and change the locks. I am very upset about that..
text:May I know your requirements for the place other than closer to work? would you like to share the accommodation?	labels:i do not have much besides my clothes and a dresser. I would prefer to live alone, but I would consider a roommate..
text:I am really sorry to know about that. Your partner should understand your situation.	labels:My partner understands my situation and how difficult it is for me to find another place to live, but they do not care..
text:You should search online or ask your friends or family for help if you they live nearby.	labels:I have no friends. I discovered this when I started to break up with my partner. What I called my friends have turned out to be their friends instead. i am from Texas and my family live there..
text: It is really hard to find a good place to live. Time and money are sometime the big constraints but we should keep trying..	labels:I do not have a mother or father still living, just a sister.. I am running out of time to find a place to live, and I have a small amount of money saved up. I do not think that I have enough for a deposit..
text:It is always hard to find true friends. You must be a strong person and I know you can achieve anything..	labels:My partner said that I have until the January 1 before he will change the locks..
text:Believe in yourself and don't give up. Definitely some solution will be around..	labels:I work in the restaurant industry as a waiter and I have been laid off. I have not worked since October.. I live in a large city and rent is expensive. I feel sad about this..
text:I am really sorry to hear about that. I also got laid off and was worried, then I start searching online work. Found it and doing it now. Hope it will work for you too.	labels:Sometimes I do not feel like it is worth my effort. I have a hard time getting out of bed. I tend to sleep a lot..
text:At this tough time we need to stay motivated and keep trying..	labels:i appreciate your kind words. I feel very alone..
text:I really like talking to you, hope it will help you in staying positive.	labels:I was speaking with my sister on the phone last weekend and she said that I should go to the doctor. Unfortunately, I do not have insurance. I called and they said it would cost over $200 for an initial visit. I am not sure about my options..
text:There is no harm in taking doctors advice. Sorry to here about that. you can try online counselling. there are so many website offering free counselling sessions. you can search on google.	labels:I have not thought about online counselling, I have been focused on trying to find somewhere else to live. I will look online..
text:I would suggest follow your routine, stay motivated and keep looking to for the new place. Sometime sitting with the partner and having conversation with the person might help..	labels:I do not understand why my partner wants me to leave. I came suddenly one day about 2 months ago.. The whole break up probably has to do with drug addiction. I know that I have a problem..
text: Have you ever tried to quit this habit or had counselling before?. That might be the reason.  It is not impossible to quit it. you just need bit guidance..	labels:I want to stop, but I am afraid. A couple years ago, I overdosed and was in the hospital for about a month. It is difficult for me to talk about it.. I need drugs to feel normal. It's sad..
text:I can understand is is not that easy. Time is really tough right now. We as human being nothing is impossible for us to do. Problem like  drugs can be quitted if we stay strong and determined.  It is hard to say that drugs can not make us normal..  I can understand your situation. You think that its normal for you but other has different outlook. I think same thing is happening between you and your partner. .	labels:I appreciate talking to you today, but I am going to go now. I will search online for help..
text:It was nice talking to you. Take care and stay positive..	labels:thank you, goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Salutations.	labels:Hi there!
text:Are you doing ok with the Virus.	labels:Doing ok I think. But I think the stress is getting to me. How about you?
text:What would like chatting about.	labels:Any suggestions on how to deal with a boss who you don't feel appreciates you?
text:So u have a boss that you feel is against you. Does your work involve meeting him or her daily.	labels:In a way yes. I've worked for this person for several years. Felt I've done a really good job. Gone above and beyond but my evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Nothing more. Just fond out he's hiring someone new to train to take over his job when he retires.
text:You must have your sites set on the position as well. That can be frustrating. Can I ask how many others work with you.	labels:It would have been nice to have been considered. At least been in the conversation. There are 3 others on our team. The other 2 are part timers.
text:might I ask the gender of your boss.	labels:male.
text:same as u right.	labels:no, I'm female.
text:Are there any other females working with you.	labels:currently, no. the new person he's looking to hire to take over eventually is female.
text:I assume you are full time.	labels:Yes, I'm full time.
text:So you seem qualified for the position, have you been able to ask why he overlooked you. Being overlooked because of personal reasons should not  be a reason to offer the position to an outsider.	labels:Haven't had the chance to bring it up. The boss tends to have a temper and doesn't like questions to his decisions. Trying to figure out a way to bring it up without making the work situation more difficult.
text:It would affect me as well if I was overlooked and the position was offered to an outsider. Is he mean towards others or just you.	labels:Glad to hear I'm not just being petty about it. It's his general nature. His approach is more like a bull in a china shop. His way or no way.
text:Are his tempers basically towards you because you are full time. There is no reason to be petty. You have a legitimate reasoning to your feelings.	labels:I think may be because my approach to things are a little more subtle. I tend to get a long with people in different departments more than he does. I'm "not aggressive enough" he's said in the past. But I just think it's a different approach on how to handle matters.
text:hate to ask but have the 2 of you been close before.	labels:nothing more than employer/employee.
text:is there an arbitrator you can involve to discuss the matter. Sometimes a mediator can help with the situation.	labels:I don't think it's come to that point. feel like I do need to personally address it as you mentioned earlier. I think going above his head on it would just make it worse. I just have to find the right way to approach him with my concerns..
text:Being in an environment that seems hostile towards you can make it hard..	labels:Yeah. Will probably talk to one of my co-workers for more feedback as well.
text:have you address it with HR to see what can be accomplished.	labels:Not yet. But that sounds like a good idea.
text:others might also be noticing and approaching the HR with out your knowledge.	labels:great point. appreciate the feedback.
text:If his actions are noticeable to others maybe you need to address it with a mediator.	labels:great food for thought. I just have to figure out how best to act. thanks.
text:Don't let someone bully you at work. That is borderline sexual harassment. Protect your rights. Do you have any connections in HR that you can invite to lunch. Arrange an outside meeting to discuss your options.	labels:Truly appreciate your words of support. This make feel a lot better. I think I have a good enough relationship with the HR office to discuss.
text:GOOD. But don't be intimidated .Stand up for your rights.	labels:Thank you again. Thanks for the chat. Best wishes to you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, how are you doing?	labels:Feeling anxious these days.
text:Those can be really hard feelings to deal with, but reaching out and acknowledging them is a very positive step. Is their anything in particular making you feel anxious?	labels:Yes. I dropped out of graduate school. Now, I need to get a job, but I'm having difficulty finding jobs for my degrees. And it's just stressful and depressig.
text:Drastic changes in our life plans can feel very upsetting and looking for a job in these times is ridiculous..	labels:Yes, it really is.
text:What made you feel the need to drop out of graduate school?	labels:I wasn't finding the program challenging or interesting or a life course I was sure I wanted to go down anymore. The only jobs I really can do with biology are lab jobs, which are somewhat boring. There are some others, but not many.
text:I understand that and that was a really brave choice to make before you cornered yourself into a degree that wouldn't benefit your future paths.	labels:Yea, I think that's true. Other people say that I am a quitter. They say I quit everything.
text:Have you gone and smoke to your local job centers? They can often times find suitable jobs or even creative suggestions that can utilize your skills and even grown them.	labels:No, I'm not aware of any local job centers around me. I mostly have been looking online at places like indeed.com. I'm not sure what you mean by "job center," I guess, either.
text:Refusing to finish something that does not benefit your end goal isn't quitting its merely switching strategies to your personal end goal.	labels:Oh, yea. That's a good reframe. I like that. I suppose, I'm just getting older and wish I had better, more stable options available to me. All this education hasn't really left with me many hard skills, I feel.
text:I am from North Carolina and in every city there are job centers, you can look them up by that title, they have people there who can help you find work based on your personality and skills. as well helping with resumes, interveiws, computers, all kinds of things.	labels:Interesting. I guess I can look into that. I am from Ohio. That's not bad advice. I am somewhat kicking myself for paying so much money on education that wasn't really worth that much. I guess there isn't much I can do about that, though.
text:Im sorry you feel that way but education is never a wasted effort it can only make you level up even if you choose not to actively use what you acquire. Its always nice to have a big back up arsenal so you have options when something you want does turn up. Im really glad that suggestion might be helpful for you. Have you checked to see if any of the credits you have earned already are transferable to another degree you may find of interest?	labels:I suppose there can be truth in that. I had a friend say that as well, that education is never a wasted effort. I agree sometimes. I should have thought about the program more before I went into it, but ah, oh well. Nothing I can do about it, now. No, it wouldn't be transferable. I have though about doing some grad school for something bio related. I don't know. I'm 30 now and getting burned out, to be honest. Anyway, you've said a lot of nice and helpful things. I don't want to take too much time from you. After all, you won your bonus money. But, I really do appreciate you talking to me.
text:oh man that sucks, I am sorry. Thirty really is not old in our current time. shoot alot of people dont event start school till that age for whatever reason or the other.	labels:Yea, people are going to school older and older. True.
text:Hahaha lol thank you so much. I enjoyed talking to you and really do wish you the best of luck.	labels:Thanks. Well earned money there, for you. Bye.
text:I appreciate your patience with my spelling and grammar. bye bye.	labels:No problem. Not bad at all for spelling or grammar, in my opinion. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you?	labels:Hello. I am depressed.
text:I'm sorry you are depressed. What's going on?	labels:I hate the holidays because everybody has to pretend to be happy even if they aren't.
text:Sometimes it can help to just talk about things and get it off your chest..	labels:Yea, sometimes.
text:Why do you feel that way? Could it be the people your surrounded by making you feel that way?	labels:I always felt depressed. It is just worst during the holidays because people expect you to be happy and if you aren't, then they blame you for ruining their holiday.
text:I think everyone's off this holiday season. It's not a normal christmas. You're not alone in feeling this way.	labels:Yea, I suppose it's better that everyone else feels a little more depressed with me, I guess. At least this holiday.
text:Has anyone specific made you feel this way? I would hope your family doesn't make you feel that your depression ruins Christmas that's horrible.	labels:Well, they don't understand. No, it isn't anybody specific. But, yea, they tend to think I ruin half of everything. The start of the new year is rough too, because you have to start all over again with breaking your goals for the next year, but we don't really need to go there.
text:I think you need to surround yourself with more understanding people..	labels:I agree. It's hard to find those people though. How often do you feel depressed.
text:It can be challenging but there are understanding people out there. You can't always pick your family. But if they truly make you feel that way you aren't obligated to be there. That's horrible..	labels:Yea, that's true. I thought about going camping somewhere and wait Christmas out in the woods, but I don't know if freezing my butt off would be better than being with them all.
text:I have struggled my whole life on and off. Learning triggers and ways to cope with them is very important. A positive mindset doesn't cute depression by any means, but it will help in accepting ways to cope.	labels:Anyway, we've been talking for awhile. I Thank you for talking with me. You seem nice. That is true.
text:You're welcome:) I hope you have a wonderful Christmas and can surround yourself with positivity. Wish you all the best.	labels:Thank you. I hope you have a good day. Oh, brother. We have to for another minute to get the full reward.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello.	labels:How goes it.
text:How may i help you today?	labels:Just trying to complete my senior year of college.
text:is there something stopping you?	labels:Funding.
text:I can understand how you are feeling about that..	labels:Trying for a pell grant. I won't take a loan.
text:Have you talked to your advisor about the situation?	labels:Yes. They need paperwork I can not complete. Red Tape.
text:You tried for financial aid?	labels:yes. But I won't take out astudent loan.
text:You do not need a student loan for that.	labels:I need to have my grant money to avoid having out of pocket.
text:i understand have you tried to work it out with anyone and see if you can make a payment when you get the money.	labels:My classes are all online. I have talked with financial aide but there is red tape.
text:can you explain to me what is red tape?	labels:I need a form signed by my doctor but I can't see him to complete the form. Medical release form.
text:why do you need a form signed by your doctor?	labels:the school requires it for disabilty.
text:oh ok i understand that. Have you talked to your parents or family to see if they would try to help you.	labels:I am over the hill. I am 66. I am trying to complete my senior year in Biblical studies.
text:Biblical studies sounds interesting. Have you tried to call your doctor?	labels:He is at a VA hospital and hard to connect with.
text:i understand. I know how you feeling and do not let this stress you out all the way. maybe you will have to take out a loan if it comes down to it.	labels:I just can't get the school to give me a variance so i can take my classes. I will contact another school to see if they have a program for me.
text:You need to talk to your advisor or whoever is in charge of that and tell them what is going on.	labels:The advisor keep telling me they need teh form filled out and signed.
text:maybe you should try another school.	labels:I am going to check another college to see if I can transfer credits. Thanks for the chat. have a Merry Christmas.
text:yes you transfer credits to a lot of colleges you should start calling different colleges. your welcome have a Merry Christmas to.	labels:Take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you feeling?	labels:am still feeling bad when i remember i cant seem to do well in school.
text:Can you explain a little more what you mean by that?	labels:i cant seems to focus in school, presure from home due to fight going on between my parent, all i could think of his them coupled with bully's in my school.
text:It sounds like the trouble at home is making it hard for you to keep your mind on school. Is that right?	labels:yes!
text:I can understand why you would feel that way. You also sais there is a bully. Have you talked to anyone about this? Bringing this up to a teacher can help. Have you tried that?	labels:none. no one seems to listen. cant get help from home am just depressed.
text:I can tell just from this short chat how upset you are. I know when I was dealing with issues in school talking to my friends helped.	labels:i have no friends, all they do is mock and make fun of you.
text:It sounds like those people are not your friends then. Do you have any hobbies?	labels:love to sing.
text:It might be a good idea to join a choir. That way you can meet people who love to sing just like you!	labels:i think that will do, but am still not okay think my parent is going to devoice .
text:Sometimes it helps to bring up your feelings to your parents. Have you tried that?	labels:all they think of is their issue and themselves they don't care i existed.
text:I can understand why you feel like that. I think it's worth bringing up.	labels:its just exhausting.
text:It's understandable. Anyone would feel like that in your position. But I think you can do it and it will help!	labels:maybe i'll try but am still scared to approach them.
text:Maybe before you talk to them, take some time to write down what you are feeling. You could even give them a letter to read if that makes you more comfortable.	labels:waoh that will be good, i think that will do.
text:That sounds like you have a plan!	labels:absolutely thank you for the advice am grateful.
text:You're welcome.	labels:thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hi.
text:how may i help you today?	labels:my girlfriend broke up with me.
text:why?	labels:she taught i was cheating on her.
text:Was you?	labels:no i wasn't.
text:what made her think you was?	labels:she saw our chat history which honestly looks incriminating.
text:why do you feel that way?	labels:because we kind of flirt with each other.
text:ok i am a little confused. you saw who chat history with who?	labels:my girlfriend saw my chat with another woman.
text:ok i understand now. What was you and this other woman talking about? I understand how you are feeling breakups are hard going through.	labels:favorite sexual position. yes, i am feeling very sad at the moment.
text:That does sound incriminating I am sorry you going through this. Have you tried talking to her and apologized for your actions.	labels:i tried to but she is not giving me the chance.
text:Maybe you should give her some space for a while and let her get her thoughts together and then try to talk to her.	labels:but how long will that space be.
text:maybe a couple days.	labels:its been up to a week already.
text:maybe you try to talk to her again today.	labels:i am planning on it.
text:if that does not work then maybe it will be best to just focus on yourself i know how hard that can be but sometimes its for the best.	labels:that will be hard because i am soo used to her being around.
text:I can understand that but the only way you can work it out with her if both of you two just talk.	labels:yes you are right.
text:I suggest you try to talk to her today and let her know how you are feeling.	labels:i will by all means necessary.
text:Hopefully she will want to talk and work things back out.	labels:i really hope so too.
text:Everything will be okay keep your head up.	labels:thanks soo much, you have been soo helpful.
text:I am glad I helped you.	labels:yes you did. i feel reassured.
text:I am happy :)	labels:so am i.
text:take care and be safe.	labels:i will. you too.
text:Thank you.	labels:you are welcome.
text:bye bye.	labels:bye.
text:Can you end the conversation please so i can go to the next.	labels:ok.	episode_done:True
text:Hai.	labels:Hai. My name is Tom and i really need your help.
text:ok tell me.	labels:I am really sad and stressed up knowing that I am soon losing my job due to the effects of corona virus. For sure if I lose my job now I might go to depression because I have a family to take care of.
text:ok, don't worry friend,.	labels:Are there any ways you know that could help me convince my boss that that it is not the right time to cut down on manpower?
text:lot of people lose the job in this corona time. just explain you situation.	labels:Incase i lose the job, are there ways that can help me stay out of stress of losing the job? I am worried that losing a job may cause me a lot of harm since my bills depend on my current job.
text:definitely, you have to try to get the other work. don't give up your confident,. belive your self.	labels:I am really worried that getting another job during this season of corona is not easy, that is the stress that is almost killing me. Sure I do believe myself.
text:you know any other self work?	labels:Not really. Do you happen to know any that can sustain me?
text:i am not sure. what's your occupation?	labels:Its ok my friend I believe that God will provide. I am an architect.
text:definitely, don't worry... oh, ok.	labels:Sure, Thanks a lot for your kind words.
text:ok thank you friend bye.. god bless you..	labels:God bless you too friend, please keep safe. Bye.
text:bye...	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!\nHello, how are you today?	labels:Doing okay. How about yourself?
text:I am doing well. Is anything troubling you?	labels:Sort of, yes.
text:Would you like to share?	labels:I. If that is okay yes.
text:Yes I am here to listen.	labels:I feel like my friend group kind of judges me for simply being myself. It makes me somewhat upset. I know they are most likely joking, but sometimes I take some of the things they say to me very personally. Should I still hang out with them even if they are making me feel this way?
text:It sounds like your friends can be judgmental and even though they are joking it ends up upsetting you. I have been in a similar situation. I always expected my friends to support and understand me but sometimes they made fun of the way I am. Have you ever talked to your friends about this? Have you expressed how it made you feel?	labels:Right. The people who you think you can go to are sometimes the ones who will not really be there for you. And I have not. I just try to brush it off. I feel like I am afraid to confront them about this because I don't know what they will say.
text:From what I have seen if we avoid expressing our feelings they keep building up and can make us depressed.	labels:That's true. Maybe I might give it a shot and talk to them about how I feel. It's just their response is what I'm afraid of because I don't know if they will react positively or negatively.
text:I can tell that this bothers you a lot..	labels:Kind of. Sometimes I feel like I am better off without friends but then again, I've known them for so long that I just don't want to push them away or anything.
text:I have found that being honest and expressing our true feelings helps us and helps others understand us.	labels:Ah okay.
text:It is not easy but you can do it. Everyone needs friends..	labels:You're right. I may just need to communicate with them more. This was very helpful. Thank you for your time.
text:No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day.	labels:You as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:HI.
text:how may i help you today?	labels:Oh I am just looking to vent. The quarantine has added a lot of anxiety on my end, and I have a hard time coping with the new normal.
text:I understand how you are feeling. This pandemic got everyone stressed and their anxiety is at an all time high.	labels:yeah I agree with the sentiment. I like my housemates/friends if we hang out once in a while, or run into each other in the common area a few times a week. Now we are all confined under the same roof all the time.
text:This pandemic will not last forever and everything will be okay soon.	labels:If someone doesn't remember to wash dishes, or started smoking that resulted in the whole house smelling. There is only this much I can do. I can remind them; but they are likely just saying that they are sorry and continuing doing what they do. or if the wall neighbor decided to watch TV really loud very late at night and you can't sleep. I can tolerate it if it is only once in a while, but now we are together all the time.
text:I understand that maybe you should sit down with them and be firm with them and let them know how you are feeling.	labels:yeah they are all polite and willing to acknowledge that there is something to improve on their part. I am sure there are things that I can improve on my end too. IT is just the nature of the quarantine has really upped the anxiety level.. I don't feel the option of escaping, changing the scenery a little bit or adjusting emotionally.
text:you are doing the right thing by staying in the house but have you just went out side and took a walk to make you feel a little better.	labels:it has also changed the relationship that I have with my housemates/friends. In the past, we have fun together, now it's like we are husband and wives pointing out each other's mistakes. yeah that is a good point. I agree with you.
text:I can understand it is driving you crazy being around them 24/7 now maybe you should go outside and take a walk.	labels:Do you have similar experience. I would like to know what you think.
text:I am quarantined with one of my friends and you know we are around each other 24/7 now to that she lost her job due to the pandemic. It does drive me crazy sometimes because i want some alone time but all i can really do at this point is just go outside and take a walk or just sit outside and that helps me most the time.	labels:I will do more of that. I guess we are all making sacrifices and learning how to cope.
text:you know there is nothing we can really do right now until all this is over with.	labels:I guess. not sure how long this is going to last.
text:I have learned to just live with it for now because i know there is not much i can do. I am sure it is not going to last much longer.	labels:yeah I hope so.
text:Just keep your head up and pray about it everything will be okay and things will eventually get better.	labels:thank you for chatting. IT makes me feel better already.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:hey I am fine and you?
text:I am great. Is anything bothering you today?	labels:I wrote about it. I was pulled off of an important project last week and I'm a bit mad about it. I spent 6 months on something that now I have to let go and start helping another engineering team at work.
text:You seem very concerned about this. It seems quite unfair! How do you feel about helping the other engineer?	labels:I don't mind the work. The manager we have is very biased against us older engineers.  He thinks we want to constantly help out the younger guys he hired.  THey are mostly unqualified and their work is sub par. I'm 41 and the new guys are all about 24.
text:I understand how stressful this must feel to you. Sounds like you are a great experienced worker, but they want to use your expertise instead to train the inexperienced worker.	labels:yes. I have been reluctant to complain to upper management. I have a couple of co-workers who have my level of experience.  They have complained and supposedly one of them will be our manager soon.  I have thought about looking for a new job. Covid protocol has kept me from making a move though.
text:I understand that. I think you have a legitimate complaint. Maybe go to upper management and make it more like a concern than a complaint? If you word it right, they will believe that you really care about your job (I can tell that you really do). I am sure they don't want to lose you.	labels:Thing is in my industry, aerospace interiors, the competition is cut throat in engineering. I already have to work about 55 hours/week. I do mturk to pay my phone bill (sort of a bet with my wife lol).  I'm wanting to maybe move into freelance work but the market is flooded because of covid.  So many working from home and freelancing these days.
text:You are right. I feel your anxiety in this. Competition is high in all industries right now it seems. Maybe sign up with those employment sites online. Indeed, ZipRecuiter, etc...it can't hurt to see what other options are out there.	labels:Not sure what is going to happen to my industry. The demand for new products is astounding. For example we have been working on cargo holds for aircraft that replaces seats and maintains social distancing protocols. I actually got this job through zip recruiter.   Well I was put in contact with a recruiter who listed the job. Started as a contract and went direct after a year.
text:Wow that sounds super interesting. You have nothing to lose going to upper management though with your concern. I have been in management and when employees came to me with concerns and showed me how much they cared about their job to take the time to bring me their input.	labels:I've been looking but the market is flooded. I might just retire earlier than anticipated.  take on some freelance to supplement my income.  Upper management at my company is a bit...shall we say...uninterested in boat rockers.
text:I understand that. Freelance does equal freedom. Research opportunities. You sound like a smart man.	labels:Boeing is a place I'd love to finish our my career with but I went through a 2 year hiring process with them a few years ago. Once I was offered the position I had to decline because the move to Washington was not feasible at the time because of family issues.  oh well.
text:How does moving to WA. seem at this time? Boeing is an amazing company.	labels:I'd do it. I think they have a hiring freeze on at the moment.  Gulfstram in Georgia is close to me. They have been hiring contractors like gang busters. Problem is that is a terrible company. chew you up and spit you out.  What industry were you a manger in?
text:Advertising. Sounds like you have options. Hang tight for the next few months and see where the world is headed. Time are so uncertain right now, but hey, it can only get better from here.	labels:advertising and marketing are so competitive.  Yes I think after the first of the year I'll make some changes. Thank you for your input. Have a nice day.
text:You too, Happy Holidays. More importantly, Happy New Year!	labels:bring on 2021 so sick of 2020! ha. peace.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.	labels:Good afternoon. How are you.
text:How can I be of service to you. I am well despite the virus.	labels:I am looking for advice to help me feel better from a horrible break up. We shared many years together and I thought forever was in our minds. But he cheated on me and I do not know just what i did wrong.
text:Breakup from a girlfriend? Spouse.	labels:a boyfriend/fiance.
text:Sorry about that. How long ago.	labels:Just 2 weeks ago. He proposed to me on Thanksgiving day! But turns out he was not being faithful to me.
text:That really must be a painful happening, especially this time of year.	labels:It is, I just can not wrap my head around it all.
text:Was the other person someone you knew.	labels:I have been feeling depressed about it all, because we share so many memories together. NO! He met this person online on a secret dating site that I was unaware he was even on.
text:Any idea how long he was dating this other girl.	labels:I have no idea and that is part of what is killing me.
text:He definitely did not give you any clues. Were you living together.	labels:No he did not, I never in a million years would have assumed because he does have this friend he talks to all the time by the name Johnnie, well turns out Johnnie is a girl. Yes we have been living together for 6 years and have a child together.
text:Wow. Your child must be taking it hard also.	labels:Yes he is, do you have any ideas to help me cope better with this.
text:It always hurts both partners when it happens..	labels:Yes it does.
text:Let me ask if you are involved with a church.	labels:Yes and my preacher has been so helpful in this situation.
text:You must have other friends in common, maybe they were afraid to say anything to hurt you.	labels:It is possible.
text:That is good you are involved with a church.	labels:Yes without my church family I would be even more depressed.
text:Maybe you can chat with some friends and ask if they knew.	labels:Yes i will definitely try that. Thank you for your advice.
text:What bright spots do you see in all this.	labels:That I am financially stable, and I have learned my self worth.
text:Talking with friends can help you not feel  secluded.	labels:Thank you , I will definitely try that.
text:Let me ask if you were to find out after being married would it hurt any worse.	labels:Yes it would. I am glad i found out before I did marry because i do not believe in divorce.
text:The one thing I would suggest is that you don't isolate yourself. Friends can help you overcome.	labels:I do believe that but because of this break up I feel I can trust nobody.
text:I understand about the pains of divorce.	labels:I could imagine the pain i would feel if it was when we were married.
text:Don't let yourself become the victim.	labels:True. Well i appreciate your time and help.
text:He may have found what he thought was better but then again you will be the better. He may come back but the seed has been planted.	labels:I will not let him come back. I deserve better.
text:You can find better because he will want you for you.	labels:I agree! It will just take me some time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello there.
text:How may i help you today?	labels:I'm really panicking. I just lost my job and I don't know how I'm going to pay my rent..
text:Don't panic everything is going to be okay i understand how you are feeling. Did you lose your job because of the pandemic?	labels:I worked at a restaurant and they have to close due to the pandemic..
text:I can understand that it is a tough time for everyone right now that lost their job. have you started looking for another job?	labels:I don't know how to make ends meet now.. I haven't looked yet. I'm not sure where to start.
text:have you tried to sign up for unemployment?	labels:That's a good idea, I guess I could start there. I am so worried, I can't get a hold of my emotions.
text:Yes you should do that until you can find another job.	labels:Okay, I'll apply online today. How can I deal with my stress?
text:don't worry yourself to much it is going to be okay it is really a tough time that everyone is going through right now.	labels:That makes me feel a little better. It's tough times out there..
text:yes i can understand how you feeling.	labels:Thanks, it helps to know I'm not alone. I will also try to improve my resume.
text:you are most definitely not alone. yes try to improve your resume to that will be a good idea.	labels:So, to recap- today, I'll apply for unemployment. Then, I'll use the extra time to polish up my resume.
text:the only thing you can really do right now is to just sign up unemployment and start looking for another job i am sure you will find another job soon.	labels:Okay, I like the idea of taking little steps.
text:yes do that and stay positive.	labels:Do you have any suggestions to stay positive?
text:since you not working right now do some hobbies you love doing to keep your mind off of whats going on.	labels:Ah ok. I like to knit so I could make a new scarf.
text:thats a good idea you should do that. I am really sure you will get a job soon as long as you stay looking and putting in applications.	labels:I can try but I have to save every penny can't afford yarn right now. I will look at job postings today.
text:perfect. remain positive and do not let the stress take control of you. you got this.	labels:Okay thank  you for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are doing today?	labels:Hallo, I am sad today. Kindly i need some one to talk to.
text:I would love to help you, what is going on?	labels:I have been depressed for sometime now, after the wife i married was taken away from me.Kindly assist me on how i can move on.
text:I am so sorry to hear that, how was she taken?	labels:She lied to me that she was divorced and i believed her, unfortunately  a man appeared after three years claiming that she was his wife. That is how she was taken.
text:I understand how you must feel betrayed. What kind of things have you done to try and overcome your betrayal?	labels:Yes. I feel so much betrayed. I have tried to attend counseling but my situation still worsens. Kindly advise me on better ways for managing depression.
text:Have you tried searching online for groups of people who have gone through similar situations? Sometimes connecting to others online with these types of issues is a great way to help each other and yourself.	labels:This looks like a good idea. I have never tried online searches, I just depended on my doctors advice. I will try searching online to connect with people like me.
text:I am so happy to hear that. You deserve so much more, I want to you find happiness through all this.	labels:Yes my dear, I really miss to be happy, your advices are so helpful. I will try following them.
text:I have done this myself and it really did help me understand my feelings and know that I was not alone in how I was feeling. This can happen for you too.	labels:Sure i really have to do this soon. I really need help.
text:You sound like such a good caring person. I know you can get through this.	labels:It is also good to know that this helped you. Now i believe that i will get help. Thanks for the complement. I trust that you are a good person too. Your kind words mean a lot to me.
text:From what I have found, connection to other people can help your perspective on thing/feelings/etc... so much. I feel your strength.	labels:I am much humbled by your words .Thank you so much.
text:I New Year is a new beginning.	labels:Yes yes, New year new beginning trust that I will be okay.
text:I hope you have a wonderful Holiday and Happy New Year.	labels:Thanks a lot for your sincere help. Happy new year too my dear. God bless you.
text:Take care!	labels:Take care too and please keep safe.
text:You too.	labels:Thank you.Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?	labels:Hi, I am doing ok, how are you?
text:Good thank you. Why only ok? What is bothering you?.	labels:Well 2020 is bothering me, like everyone else.. earlier this year my job was terminated, then for 3 months I was not bringing in income. Now that COVID is still out there, I fear that my current job will be terminated.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. 2020 has been tough for many, so you are not alone.. I have been through a similar situation in the beginning of the year where I have lost my job. I was fearful but I kept thinking positive thoughts and it helped me get through tough times..	labels:True, I have been trying to think of other things I can do, like start a business. But I have been working for 20 years, that I feel like I am supposed to work for someone else and not for myself.
text:That is a great idea. The government has great support programs for new business owners like you.. I think working for yourself is great. You can set your own hours, chart your own path. It would help with your employment situation for sure..	labels:I feel that I have not ideas.  I feel like i have been thinking about a business idea for myself and family for some time now.  I wonder how others decide on what to do. Like how to get that motivation in their head to start something really new.
text:My suggestion would be to think what your local neighborhood needs - maybe it is lacking a cafe or a grocery store? .	labels:I know, i really want a niche company.. Something that no one has thought of, or is not yet in my community..
text:Yes, I can identify with that. Motivation is hard - but think about your future job situation and your family..	labels:I would love to do a zero waste company or store, since that is what I am really into.. Do you think it is hard to set up a business plan?
text:That's a great idea! Green is the new way to go! I believe in you.	labels:Oh Thank You!.
text:I think it will take some hard work but you can do it. There are support for you from local governments. I think you should look into it.. How are you feeling now?	labels:I think I will! I actually feel motivated to do some research on this. At least is has taken my mind off possibly not having a job.
text:That's great to hear! My suggestion is to always think positively. You can do this!	labels:Thanks for your help.  This really helped.  I needed to be able to speak/type to someone about this.. I believe this app/program is very helpful.
text:You are welcome. I'm wising you all the luck and success. Have a great day!	labels:Thank you! You also. Have a Merry Christmas and safe Holidays.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. What's going on today?	labels:My girl friend break up with me.
text:I'm sorry to hear that! Was this recently?	labels:sh. she love other one.
text:I'm very sorry to hear that. How are you feeling about it right now?	labels:That person is very smart and very rice.  So she affected with him. Very painful and very sadness.
text:As you message me, I can feel your pain. It seems you aren't sure what to do with these feelings.	labels:I am very hearting today. She's broke my heart.
text:I understand. I have been in a similar situation myself. Heartbreak is one of the hardest feelings to go through, but I believe in you and your strength.. From what I've seen before, surrounding yourself with good friends helps quite a bit..	labels:Thank you very much.  But i can't accept this pain.
text:I understand feeling that way. Something I do when I am feeling pain is taking deep breaths. Inhale, exhale. Could you do that for me?	labels:I am sorry.  I can't chat any more please end of this survey. Ok.  I can try.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I believe in you, things will be better with time.. Would you like to continue chatting?	labels:Yes.
text:Okay. Are you excited for the upcoming holidays?	labels:Yeah, i am excited upcoming chrisms and new year party.
text:That sounds fun! Is the new year party with friends? Or is it a family affair?	labels:New year party is with my friend and family affairs. It's very excited and lot of fun and games.
text:That is fun! Friends and family are the most wonderful cure for the blues. What types of games will you be playing?	labels:Musical chair and funny game. Dancing game.
text:Musical chairs is one of my favorites. I remember when I was going through a hard time, my friends took me out to dinner and we spent all night together. It was very fun and helped me a lot.. I think it's really great that you have that party planned!	labels:Yes, very fun play the music and around chair run.
text:How are you feeling now, my friend?	labels:No, i don't have part planned. Yeah, i am feelin good my friend. Thank you very much.
text:I am very happy to hear that! I can see in your messages that you feel lighter. Thank you very much for talking with me. I've enjoyed this conversation!	labels:Okey, thank you my friend. Marry chrisms.
text:Of course. Is there any other way I can help you? Merry Christmas to you as well, my friend!	labels:And advance happy new year.
text:And to you!	labels:Thank you.
text:Is there any other way I can help you today? I am here for you..	labels:No friend i already have great today. I am feeling great right now.
text:I am so happy to hear that. I hope you have a great day every day!.	labels:Thank you.
text:Would you like me to end the chat now, my friend?	labels:Oh yeah,	episode_done:True
text:i just started school and i dont feel that i am good enough.\nCongratulation on starting school! That is a huge accomplishment. Tell me more about how you're feeling..	labels:Its been so long since i have attended school. I barley graduated high school. I dont feel i am cut out for college.
text:It sounds like you are a little apprehensive about attending school because you have not done it in awhile. Is this accurate?	labels:yes.
text:I can definitely understand that. I remember feeling a certain way when I pursued another degree. What would make you feel a bit more confident about the idea of school?	labels:I dont know to be honest.
text:It is certainly okay to feel nervous about it. This is a big step and a life-changing experience. You should be proud of taking that first step! What excites you about starting school?	labels:Thank you!. Im excited for the high paying jobs i can get once i graduate. also i chose a field that will allow me to work from home. I will be able to support my family without having to leave them!
text:That sure is exciting!. There are many ways to prepare for starting school. For me, becoming more organized helped me in preparation for school. What are some things that come to mind that would help you mentally prepare for this event?	labels:breathing techniques come to mind. you have helped me identify that it is simply just anxiety and i can better handle it now. thank you! I feel so much better and more confident!.
text:Wonderful idea! Meditation and deep breathing have proven to be extremely effective. I'm so glad this has helped! How do you see yourself fitting in the breathing techniques this week?	labels:i will do the techniques before each class. That way i have a clear & open mind!
text:I love it!	labels:Well Its lunch time for my kids, i guess that concludes this conversation! Happy holidays!	episode_done:True
text:my working  place is lot of problems   in daily.. daily any problem  created.. my family  daily activities  is sadness. my family  happy  is down.\nI understand. During these times, it is very stressful.	labels:my stress very high.
text:Whenever I am stressed, I like to go for a walk and listen to music. It helps take me away and reflect for a while.	labels:OK I listen  the music. daily my stress  very high. my body and my mind very tired . my family  happiness  daily challenges.
text:Music is a great stress relief! Excercise is great too, for releasing those happy endorphins! Both music and exercise really help me deal with my stress levels!	labels:ok.
text:You are having stress in your family as well?	labels:what  type  of music.
text:Personally, I enjoy hip hop/ rap or anything upbeat. It puts me in a great mood and makes me feel strong.	labels:my stress  level  very high in some time.
text:I understand. Trying some options to work through stress can be very helpful for you.	labels:ooh. try in some option work.
text:Yes, we all have stress. Learning to deal with it is the key!	labels:my children  carrying  important. another  work choice  some late.
text:You have children? How many?	labels:two.
text:They are a blessing!	labels:Thank you.
text:Absolutely!	labels:stress level  decreasing  any doctor  consults. other  than yoga. any other idea.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:Can somebody help cheer me up? I'm super sad. I just can't believe something like this would happen during the holiday season.
text:I can most certianly help! What has happened?	labels:A week ago, my boyfriends friend told me that she had saw him with another girl and I freaked out. so I reached out to him and he said that it wasn't true and he had lied about it.
text:Oh honey I am so sorry to hear that! Hearing that he was with another girl can be very painful..	labels:so, my boyfriends friend sent me a picture as proof to show me and he was touching her booty and kissing her. I just can't believe he would do something like that to me.
text:You deserve so much better than someone who is willing to lie to you & go behind your back.	labels:I know but I just can't get it out of my head that my boyfriend has been unfaithful. have you had this experience before?
text:You are a strong, beautiful, intelligent woman dont let his unfaithfulness be a reflection of you. This indescrestion only shows his shallow personality to which you deserve better!	labels:how should I move forward with life?
text:Yes i have had the misfortune of experiencing a cheating boyfriend. I left him and to my surprise i met my amazing husband soon after dumping my cheating ex.	labels:Maybe the next one will be better? Maybe I will be able to meet the ONE? I just don't know anymore...
text:Move forward with your head held high & be grateful for the bullet you dodged. Imagine had you not found out and you married him and the found him having an affair! He did you a favor & now you can truly thrive as the wonderful person you are!	labels:That's a good way to look at it, it would be more messy if I had never found out. I feel a little better now, thanks for your help.
text:Very good,  Now you wipe your tears girl and get back out there like he never exsited. Move on like you never he knew who he  was & you will find how much life has to offer!	labels:I do hope I will find that person one day. I will stay positive and optimistic.
text:You will my dear, just keep an open mind and an open heart add in the positive vibes and the right man will find you.  You've got a beautiful outlook and good things are bound to come your way! Great job!	labels:Thanks for all of your positive vibes and help on here, I feel much better than 20 minutes ago. Didn't know where to go or how to turn to. Thanks again! Have a happy holiday with your friends and family and stay safe! You are a great friend to talk to.
text:You are very welcome & I am so happy that I was able to help you! You got this girl! You as well!	labels:I believe this ends out conversation and I will click finish and Quit. I meant to say ends our*	episode_done:True
text:I am always angry at myself and others. I lose my temper constantly and say very racist things. I need help with my anger. I am upset that the Presidential election is being stolen from President Trump. I say racist things about it, and punch myself in the head or bang my head into the wall when people disagree with me.\nWhere does your anger stem from ?	labels:I think it is because people disagree with my politics. I am sick of being discriminated against because of my skin color.
text:Its ok to disagree with people about topics but you need to figure out why it triggers so much anger which turns to hate.	labels:Half my family is Puerto Rican, I am White. All the Puerto Rican family members consider themselves to be allies of the blacks, I do not. I have been repeatedly victimized by black people,
text:How have you been victimized by black people? When those events happen how did that make you feel.	labels:I have been robbed at gunpoint three times in the past 8 months while walking home from work. Each time, it was one or more black males with guns who robbed me. They would call me racial slurs every time too. Also, my wife was raped by a black homeless man in July 2020 while she was jogging in the park. This made me get so angry, that I burned down a low-income housing building that was occupied by only black residents. I tried to get even with the blacks for what happened to my wife. I can't seek help with a professional for my anger issues, because I have committed violent crimes to get even with my oppressors. Are you going to help me?
text:I see I too have had my issues with other races. A few bad instances do not make represent a whole race though. There are also black males who have been robbed and jumped by white people that does not mean all white males are bad. It does seem that you have had alot of unfortunate events with black males. That still does not mean that all black people are bad and why should innocent people pay for things others have done. Do you have to walk home from work or can you drive. Also have you reported any of these events to the police.	labels:I walk home because my job is only a mile away. I live in a predominantly black area. The police have taken reports, but candidly admitted to me that nothing would happen as far as arrests because of the current "woke" climate.
text:I understand have you ever thought about if that black man that raped your wife was just getting even with the white race because his wife or maybe even him was raped repeatedly by white supremists.	labels:It upsets me, the way I feel. I do have 2 or 3 black neighbors who are decent people, but thats it. I am the only White person on my street. I am constantly taunted by the blacks in my area. No black woman has been raped by a white man in recent history, even DOJ crime statistics back me up on this one. When is the last time anyone remembers a pack of white men raping a black lady? I just want to not be scared around here anymore. I am sick of being victimized. They are pushing me over the edge.
text:My suggestion would be to get out of the area if is just triggering your anger. Are you able to move to another area?	labels:I can move, but it would be very costly. And I don't want to move now because it is winter and it is cold and we have over a foot of snow on the ground.
text:I would suggest for your mental health when the weather is better to move and until then I would avoid areas that can potentially be dangerous and also don't walk home after dark. Also you need to keep seeking council for you anger and racial feelings. I would suggest when you feel very angry to take a deep breath think will your actions help or hurt the situation.  To help with racial issues I would like you to sit and talk to black victims who have been victimized by white people in violent crimes.	labels:I appreciate this advice. It does seem good. I just want everything to get better.
text:If you follow my advice I think you will see a great improvement. Your willingness to seek advice and ability to identify that you have a problem is a big first step all you got to do now is put the solutions into practice.	labels:Do you think that maybe I should go to church or something to help?
text:Church is always a great idea. I think church would be very helpful. Maybe someday you should even consider going to a predominantly black church.	labels:I would consider it. There is actually a black church 3 or 4 blocks from here. The people there are undoubtedly as nice as anybody else im sure.
text:Maybe you should try it out maybe meeting some good black people there would ease your hate against black people and also help your experience in the neighborhood.	labels:Thank you. You have been helpful.	episode_done:True
text:hi. help to solve my problem.\nHow are you today?	labels:fine. What about you?
text:What is bothering you today that I may be able to help with.	labels:my close friend made a mistake. she scolded for it and not speak to me at all.
text:Maybe she misunderstood what you meant?	labels:I told her not to make a mistake and advised her. but she refused it and scolded me. Also she behaved that as if I commited a mistake.
text:Maybe you were too direct with your answer and she could not process the impact.	labels:I just helped her only but she refused me and hurt me.
text:All people cannot be helped directly, maybe a subtle lead would have helped.	labels:No, I will tell all the facts about it. but she cant believe me and hurt me more and it make me more emotion. ok. I will try to recover from this situationm.
text:Why did she feel so repulsed by your answer?	labels:Since she is close friend for more than20years, I cant tolerate it. because she didn't accept her mistake. I tend to rectify her mistake but she didn';t accept my voices at all.
text:Long term friendships are difficult to unravel from misunderstandings.	labels:yes, i think so. how to solve this misunderstading.
text:Maybe you can try again with a more indirect approach.	labels:With full of depression, I can't do what to do. If approached indirectly, it will be helpful to resolve this probleem. I just follow it.
text:There is no reason for you to be depressed, the friendship is of value to you.	labels:Thanks for your help and your wordings are good for me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:I am good and you. coughing time to time has been my fucking fear. If anyone will talk now, telling me to come off smoking. and I don't want to die now.
text:Oh, so sorry to hear that!	labels:okay.
text:Is it your first time when you have a cough?	labels:I am trying to stop that smoking little by little but, it  is not easy, what i have been doing for the pass 30 years. no, it has been occurring for the past 5 years.
text:I heard of some magic candies..	labels:ok, cure coughing ?
text:To get rid of smoking habit....	labels:how effective can that work for thirty years of smoking.
text:When you like to smoke, just eat one candy..	labels:I started smoking since my first year in college, take as many parks per day as possible as i can get it.
text:Well, I stopped eating my nails after 50 years because of fear of getting sick....	labels:which store is selling it and where can I get it, although I am not sure it will work, because i have tried some other means that could'nt work. mmmh, I am also scared of death. like serious.
text:Well, do you have something in your life now that can keep you away  from smoking? No harm from candies :) It is worth of trying.	labels:yes, staying with my laptop always. but immediately i leave come on, I will smoke not less than one park.
text:I can feel how anxious you are..	labels:where do so i can get the magic candle, may be i  can give it a try. where can i get it?
text:Just look for quit smoking candies online.	labels:ok. thanks. i will do that bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:good thanks. you?
text:Doing well it's a bit cold here.	labels:Oh well, it is a xmas time.
text:Was there anything I can help you with today?	labels:I like cold weather. well i have a small traumatic experience. my friend was crazy.
text:I am so sorry you had a traumatic experience. If you don't mind me asking what happened?	labels:she tried to. she texted me every morning and started sharing what happened to her. she tried to make me break up with my ex. She kept telling lies, something that does not exists.
text:Really what?	labels:most things she tells is lie. she creates stories.
text:I am so sorry I am sure you did what was right.	labels:One day I took her to my friends party and. thank you. One of them said " is she really your friend" " I  don't think she is telling truth" it is really scary to have a friend like her.
text:I think we all have one of those friends I know I had one who no matter what happened she had something better happen or something worse. I mean the only thing you can do is make a choice is her friendship worth anything toxic that comes along with her? Do you know what causes her to be that away? Sometimes there is an underlining reason or condition.	labels:good point.. I think she told me how she grew up and such but I think that is a lie as well.
text:Oh, that's not good.	labels:So it is hard for me to tell what is the underlying cause. I think it is a kind of personality problem.
text:I hate to say it but maybe it is time to make a choice if her friendship is worth the problems it brings. Maybe it is just time for a break from each other while you make up your mind.. Was there anything else I could help you with?	labels:I agree yes. Well I no longer hang with her so that is good. I am good, it was good to talk about it. thanks for your advice.
text:It sounds like the right choice.. Your so welcome it was great talking to you. Have a great day.	labels::) I am glad you think so too. you too.	episode_done:True
text:hello. hello how are you?	labels:hey there. hello. good , and you_ cannot type today, sorry. Too much typing today.
text:I am doing well. That is okay typing can be a bit of a pain. Is there anyway i could convince you to type a little longer so that I may help you? I assure you that your typing skills are above par & I know you will knock it out of the park my friend!	labels:great. haha,
text:Awesome i am glad to have you back!	labels:thanks. I always have a second thought when I type. It makes my typing speed slow as well.
text:You are very welcome & why do have second thoughts when you type?. The only thing that matters is that you made the effort to type reguardless of how well you feel your typing skills are. You should be proud of uourself! I myself use to struggle with typing.. Do  you think maybe you are being to hard on yourself?	labels:great advise, I think so. I am sometimes hard on myself. I think sometimes my head gets confused. I wish I could have more clear mind.
text:I Think alot of people could relate to how you feel. May i suggest that before you start typing stop, close your eyes, take a deep breath in your nose hold it. then blow it out of your mouth. that should help clear your mind and rid yourself of all those jitters.	labels:ohh1. wow, I will definitely try that. It sounds like you're a doctor!" Whenever I get tense or need to relax, I might as well try that. you know, all those relaxation music and teas and herbs don't work for me.
text:Thank you that is very kind of you to say. I have just had alot of practice in dealing with anxiety. I agree the relaxtation music doesnt work for me either. Breathing seems to help me the most. Its natural and I can control it which I really like.	labels:yes the anxiety, that is what it is. well, we both have experienced similar issue, cool. I am practicing now. breath in, breath out....
text:Yes we have. I know many people deal with anxiety. It is not uncommon so therefore you are not alone my friend! You are doing great! I am so proud of you!	labels:Great to hear!
text:How do you feel?	labels:I wasn't sure what it was but knowing that it is an anxiety, now I can handle it. my kid woke up. I should go now.	episode_done:True
text:Hai.	labels:Hey.
text:How are you friend? Where are you  from?	labels:Okay i guess. North Carolina.
text:ok,.	labels:What about you?
text:What are you doing? i am john from, new york.	labels:Watching tom and jerry with my kids.
text:oh nice.	labels:What you doing?
text:tell about you? just i chating. what your good name?	labels:Im 28. A mother of two who just moved after my marriage fell apart. I enjoy cartoons, reading,gaming, and listening to music and audiobooks.
text:wow good job..	labels:Lol.
text:anything else?	labels:Hmm i hate dating again. My kids are both specieal needs. I live with my mama and grandpa.
text:oh,  do you  most like that. ok care your child, give the best life.	labels:I guess. I love my family. Im glad to get more time with my grandpa who is 73 years old. Mama has always been my rock and is a great suppirt with the kids. Soits not so bad. Thats my goal.
text:you hate anything don't doing, this is your life, so make it perfect. very good  i appreciate  you, god bless you..	labels:I guess im really mad that i invested 10 years into a cowardly man.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you doing today!	labels:Good you?
text:I am well! How can I help you today?	labels:I recently divorced after finding out my husband married another women in another country. He is has also been abusive for many years and is now trying to win me back. Im feeling anxiety and I feel like im losing my power again. I contact him because we have children together but Im thinkin to just disconnect with him fully before he tries to lure me in and become abusive agian.
text:I am so sorry to hear that this has been going on. How recently did the divorce take place?	labels:two months ago.
text:So you have children together and want to disconnect but that is a complicating factor? It must be so tough to be going through what you are going through now, I am so sorry.	labels:Yes I'm fealing anxiety because hes trying to lure me in order to trap me and I believe i'm losing control. I don't have much emotional support from anyone. Unsupportive family and friends.
text:Have you spoken to a professional? Is this something that you are able to do through your insurance or work?	labels:I'm to embarassed to seek professional help. I think i need time to control my emotions first.
text:I completely understand. I have been in situations at work that I couldn't resolve due to the exact same reasons.	labels:Thanks for understanding.
text:Is there a way that you could seek help at work without anyone finding out?.	labels:I might be, but I'm not really close with any coworkers. I work primarily remote and when I entered my current job COVID happened and I didnt really get the chance to get to know anyone all that well.
text:Sometimes someone looking in from the outside can see things in a way that you might not be able to see since you are in the middle of the situation. I know that this has happened to  me.	labels:Thanks for your input. It was a nice chatting with you today.
text:Through work you may be able to speak to a professional counselor or therapist while just having a small co-pay.	labels:have a nice day.
text:Have a nice day as well, I hope that you can get your issues resolved.	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:how are you today.\nGood, how are you?	labels:eh. i've been better. I'm just looking back on school and i realize that i could have done much better.
text:What's going on?  Maybe I can help.	labels:so, i was reflecting about my last job. sorry, not job, paper.
text:Are you a student?  That can be difficult.	labels:no, i graduated with my masters last year. i was thinking back on it and it makes me sad.
text:Congratulations on graduating.  That took a lot of hard work.  What about your paper makes you sad?	labels:so, i was assigned a 10 page paper, which i wrote 40, that was awesome. however, my these i was supposed to write 35 or so and wrote 40 also, i just feel as though i could have added more.
text:You already did way more than expected of you- 3.5 times as much.  And your paper was good enough to help you graduate.  Be proud of yourself.  You accomplished something great.	labels:awww. thank you!
text:You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:i think that helped, its just a good feeling. btw, i did get a 100% on both of those papers.
text:Congratulations again!  Display that diploma with pride.  Talk to you later. .	labels:haha, thank you. my masters did get my this job in this field too.	episode_done:True
text:hi. how are you today.\nHello , what is it that is bothering you?	labels:i haven't been feeling too good recently. i have just been generally depressed. i am a bit worried.
text:So you have been just generally feeling down and worried about everything?	labels:i am worried a bit about loosing my job.
text:I understand why that can have you worried. Have you been told this is a possibility?	labels:no but i just don't get a good vib. vibe.
text:Have you talked to co workers or others about this?	labels:my coworkers are almost always unavaible. and be cause we are all working remotely they just dont' answer ims.
text:This is a worry that many others are having right now. Maybe there is an online group that deals in this type of worry.	labels:that's a good idea! you mean within my company though?
text:If your company has that, otherwise there are online chat groups that would.	labels:o? any recommendations? i don't really want work to know that i'm thinking that they are going to fire me, you know?
text:I don't have any experience in this area but I am sure that an online search would be easy..	labels:ok, i'll try it out. you don't think i should be worried about losing my job though?
text:I don't think that worrying about it ever does any good. All you can do is do your job well and display your worth to the company.	labels:that's a good point.
text:I usually find that taking action is a better idea than worrying. .	labels:true.
text:Don't forget there are always options if something does happen..	labels:that's great news! thank you! and i feel better already.
text:Glad that I could help. Try to focus on positives..	labels:thank you for all your help. i'm not sure how this works after 15 min?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?.	labels:HI.
text:Is there anything that you'd like to talk about?. I am happy to listen if you have a problem..	labels:Yeah its about my personal problem can you give me any suggestions.
text:Well, I'd need to know what your personal problem was first. Can you tell me?.	labels:Im in depression over past 4 months.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. I have suffered from depression too so I empathise. Can you tell me what is making you feel depressed?.	labels:I lost my job because of the covid 19.
text:Is the global pandemic having an effect on you? I know it has been making a lot of people feel bad.	labels:it makes me feel so depressed.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. Do you have any other form of financial support?.	labels:yes it is, the worst period in my life.
text:I am really very sorry. I have been feeling down lately too so I do understand.. Do you have any hobbies that can help you right now?.	labels:and i did not get any other job till now.
text:Do you have family that you can talk these things out with?.	labels:yes i have a family but they are not ready to talk to me. about this problem at all.
text:Are they feeling bad too? I think that everyone is feeling quite down right now. Am I right in thinking that your family is too?.	labels:yes they are.
text:It is so difficult right now, isn't it? I just feel defeated sometimes.. Have you thought of getting any outside help? There is free counselling available..	labels:yes i can't afford our livelihood.
text:There should be help out there. There are foodbanks, if you need those..	labels:no im not asking any help.
text:why not?.	labels:because in my place there are same situation for many people.
text:I understand that. I hope I was able to be of some help, at least..	labels:so they are also suffering.
text:Maybe next year will be a better year.	labels:which makes me feel so depressed.
text:Thank you for talking and I hope you feel okay.	labels:yeah i think so.
text:you need to press quit now :) I can't do it this end.	labels:would you like to donate some money to me.
text:no I would not. But press quit and you will be paid..	labels:oh that's ok, that's why i'm not asking help from the other people.
text:Have a good day..	labels:have a nice day for you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello how are you?
text:I'm doing well. How are you doing?	labels:Not so well as per my message previously.
text:Interesting I didn't see your previous message. It didn't come through on my end.  Can you tell me what's going on?	labels:Well I was having a pretty crappy day to start. Had a bad run in with this lady and it just put me in a really bad mood for  the day.
text:I'm really sorry to hear that.. What happened during your encounter with the lady?	labels:I was walking with my family, minding our business and this lady felt like she was above everything else and didn't have to move. So I stood my ground and she got upset and called me a female dog and a racial slur.
text:woah! That's pretty awful. That doesn't sound like it warranted any kind of aggressive behavior and certainly insults and slurs of any kind aren't acceptable. I bet that was probably troubling being in front of your family. Did anyone respond to her?	labels:OMG, yes it was and yes, see she was on a bike and it was enough space on the boardwalk where we live. So after she said that, I immediately got angry and chased her down on foot, while she peddled on the bike. I couldn't catch her and the Lord made sure I didn't.
text:That sounds pretty intense. Fortunately karma can be cruel. Perhaps she fell off her bike on her way home... one can hope anyway....	labels:LOL, I really hope so too!!
text:I'm sure she got hers, and if not, I'm sure it's coming. The best thing you can do is smile and move on. The best advice someone gave me is "consider the source" when someone treats you crappy. They are probably having many problems of their own or maybe they are just terrible people.. Bad things inevitably happen to terrible people. its usually just a matter of time..	labels:You're right but I hope because after all of that crap, I got a text from my friend telling me off. Like I already to a figurative kick to the face, now this low blow. took*
text:I'm sorry to hear all that..	labels:Yea, I feel like this whole year is just bringing out the worst in people.
text:I agree, it definitely is. Stress is running high and people are being dumb. Hopefully you have a good outlet to vent your stresses. Whether it's a friend, working out, doing a hobby. It'll help you focus on things you want to focus on and not the nonsense.	labels:Yea, and staying inside lol.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:Hello How are you?
text:I'm doing well. How are you?	labels:I'm actually not doing that great. I'm feeling pretty bad.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what's going on?	labels:Well, I'm a little frustrated with my friends because they aren't taking the pandemic seriously. They think it's a hoax.
text:I see. I assume you are taking it seriously?.	labels:Yes, I take it very seriously. I lost my grandfather to the illness earlier in the year and I also contracted it. I was sicker than I ever have been and I still can't smell or taste.
text:Oh wow, I'm very sorry to hear that! I'm sorry for your loss.. Do your friends know that you were sick or that you lost a loved one?	labels:Yeah they do which is why it's so frustrating to hear them talk about it not being real. It really hurts.
text:So they are not taking you seriously either then?. That's really frustrating and I'm sorry to hear that.. Do you have any friends who you can trust and talk to?	labels:I do, I have a few newer friends that I've made recently that have had lost family members too. They don't seem to think it's a hoax.
text:That can certainly be difficult to talk about. But maybe you can build stronger relationships with them.. Friendships can change overtime and sometimes people who don't value the friendship can find themselves without friends..	labels:I know, it would be hard to say goodbye to them but I don't feel respected..
text:Maybe you don't have to say goodbye. Maybe you can just ignore them and see if any of them reach out to you.. You shouldn't have to feel bad in a friendship. Friends are supposed to support each other. If you aren't feeling support, maybe it's time to make new friends..	labels:I think you're right, It's just hard to say goodbye to them. I may take your advice and just ignore them for a bit. My new friends seem to have better heads on their shoulders anyway and I like talking to them..
text:I think that's a great plan!	labels:Thanks so much for your help!! I really appreciate it..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hi.
text:How are you this evening?	labels:not good stressing about next exam.
text:What class is your exam in?	labels:economics.
text:So just to make sure I understand, you have an exam coming up in economics and you are very stressed about it.	labels:that is correct.
text:Do you have any study groups set up for the class? Often times it helps to study with people who are in the same situation you are in.	labels:Study groups don't help me. I find them distracting. I am not able to focus. Adds to the stress.
text:Have you made any flash cards for the class?	labels:Yes I have flash cards. That helps with the study but not with the stress.
text:I used to stress out a ton over tests too, but I found that distracting myself every once in a while with a movie or a tv show helps me to reduce stress.	labels:that sometimes work for me, but that is like a band aid fix after two hours i am stressing again.
text:I would recommend mixing it in while studying, maybe study for an hour and then take a break for an hour and the study again. This way it breaks up the monotony of studying.	labels:interesting. never thought about it that way. it becomes less of a band aid. but it is still a crutch.
text:I used to think of it that way as well, but I then began to think of it as a reward for studying and that helped a lot!	labels:oh a reward for studying! that's a good way to think too. not a fix but a prize. I feel better. all of a sudden.
text:I am glad that I could help!	labels:you are smart.	episode_done:True
text:hi there, how is life today?.	labels:I am down. It happens sometimes and just takes so long to be happy. Do you ever feel this way?
text:Unfortunately yes and it's been worse this year. I have tried certain coping mechanisms but some work better than others..	labels:thanks for sharing. it nice knowing that this year has ben hard for lots of people. What do you do to get by?
text:I have been trying to do as much walking as is allowed by the pandemic rule. I do love to get fresh air even though we're not allowed to go far.. Have you been getting help for your depression?.	labels:I tried getting help but it was not for me. now I am self diagnosing. self care. I tried taking walks but it never helped. anything else you do?
text:Well alcohol, but I do not necessarily recommend that. Do you have many friends that you can talk to?. There are also counselling services out there that you might be able to access for free..	labels:I hate the idea of talking to professionals. alcohol sometimes works but that is a slippery slope. like my depression.
text:I have suffered from depression for many years so I can totally empathise with you.. Is there any specific area that I could help you with?.	labels:just the rational of it. I know it is irrational but I can't help but be sad sometimes even when it is illogical. it's like my mind is heart my mind.
text:I think that this just proves that you are human! I can understand that you are feeling really bad though and I'd like to help..	labels:thank you.
text:I hope that I have been able to be of some help. It's sometimes hard to know what to say.	labels:You have been kind with your shared experiences. that make me feel not so alone and crazy. thank you.
text:I wish you all the very best!.	labels:thank you again. can i ask you for one more recommendation.
text:yes of course.	labels:please share.
text:Well, I think you need to find a hobby that will help you and that will enable you to make new friends..	labels:something simple.
text:Anyway it's been nice to talk, all the best!.	labels:perfect thank you.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello.	labels:how are you?
text:I am good, how are you?	labels:I am feeling okay, a little upset.
text:What is making you upset tonight?	labels:i was mad, but now i am just upset. My professor put in grades for my class earlier this week. My grade dropped 5 points and i do not have an A anymore.
text:Just to make sure I understand, you got a bad grade in one of your classes and your grade dropped below an A and you are upset about it.	labels:yes that is right.
text:Have you talked to your professor about the reason for the grade you got that dropped your grade below an A? Often it helps to understand what we did wrong in order to know what we can do to improve.	labels:Yes I have, she said she explain the rules out in the syllabus and would not change it. SHe gave our whole class a 0 on the final.
text:Have you reached out to your advisor to speak with them on the situation? Often times your advisor is able to help with advice on what to do in this type of situation.	labels:No, i have talked to my advisor once and she is not that helpful as she is a professor herself. She told me its okay if I dont have an A, I am still passing. I just worked hard all semester, just to end with a 89.9.
text:I had a similar situation last semester where I held an A in my class all semester long until the end when it dropped to a B+ so I comletely understand the frustration here.	labels:Yea i understand that is happens to a lot of people, and we just have to move on and learn. That is hwy im not mad anymore just upset.
text:I know it is extremely difficult to do that when you really want to keep your grades up, but I know you can get through this!	labels:I am going to try my best next semester so that this does not happen again.
text:You will do a great job!'	labels:I really hope so, thank you.
text:You are very welcome! If you ever need anything else, feel free to chat again!	labels:I feel okay now, thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, are you having a good day?.	labels:not doing good as I am stressed pretty badly due to the fact that I have been unemployed and can't find a job.
text:I am really sorry to hear that - it is a terrible time to be out of work isn't it? Unfortunately it is happening to a lot of people.	labels:Yep, the pandemic isn't helping things either.
text:Yeah, I know an awful lot of people who have been made unemployed and there is very little work out there.. Have you considered doing gig work online? You can make a bit of money there..	labels:I know as its bad all over the country. Luckily, I am able to make a little money doing surveys on MTurk.
text:Me too! It's one of my main sources of income these days. Are you looking for other work?.	labels:Yes, but online seems to be hit and miss as there are scams out there right now too.
text:Happily I have found it to be good and honest work in general so I'd not worry too much :).	labels:Yes, I am as I have over 15 years of warehouse experience as well as forklift experience.
text:What sort of field would you like to move into after the pandemic?.	labels:I would like to getting back into the warehousing or forklift operator field.
text:So you feel that your life is just on hiatus at the moment and you want it to get back to the way it was as soon as possible?.	labels:Yes as I am getting behind on bills and its Christmas time so that makes it even tougher when I feel that I am letting my family down by not working currently.
text:Please do not feel like that! A lot of people are in the same position and it really is not at all your fault..	labels:It's tough not to as underneath the tree, there isn't much.
text:Have you considered contacting charities that might be able to help with Christmas presents and food?.	labels:I have but they are strapped at this time and really don't have much to help with currently.
text:(I am so sorry I had to leave the room temporarily, just let me catch up :)).	labels:No worries...as I understand.
text:Ah yes I hear you , I know that there are a lot of people out there in trouble right now. I think though that you should be able to access some food help?. I have had to do that myself in the past and I do know that I felt ashamed about it..	labels:I am waiting for some help currently.
text:What sort of help are you waiting for if you do not mind my asking?.	labels:Yes, it is a hit to the mindset, that's for sure.
text:Yes, especially if you've never had to rely on that sort of help before. But there is no shame in it!.	labels:I have talked to charities, gotten together with my church pastor...
text:I am glad that you have someone outside the family that you can talk to and I hope that they are sympathetic!.	labels:True, there is no shame but it is emotionally hard to deal with.
text:Have you considered any sort of counselling to help you with your situation?.	labels:They are...and thank you for your concern as well.
text:You are more than welcome. We all need to come together at this time! It's been a very bad year..	labels:Not really, although I do talk to my family about this matter..
text:I hope that I have been able to help you and it was nice to talk!.	labels:It has been and I hope and pray that 2021 is better for us all.
text:I hope so too. Best wishes!.	labels:You have...thanks for the chat...take care and God Bless....thank you...	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Good evening, how are you?
text:I am good, how are you?	labels:Could be worse.  Just stessed as listed.
text:What is it that is stressing you out currently?	labels:I've been only doing some deliveries due to COVID, while also searching for another job because it's just not sustainable.  It's stressful enough with less money, but coming up on Christmas is just giving me even more anxiety about it.
text:So just so I make sure I understand, you are currently stressed about your money situation due to only working part time making deliveries for the time being.	labels:Yes.
text:I can completely understand this, as I was also extremely worried about money when the pandemic first started and about not being able to be employed.	labels:It's so hard to find something else right now.
text:Have you looked into hiring agencies to help you find a more permanent job during the pandemic? Hiring agencies are a great resource to find a job that fist you best.	labels:I have recently been in contact with one around here.  It unfortunately just hasn't happened as quickly as I wished.  Although that's life.  I'm hoping that it will progress.
text:After interviewing with a company are you following up on a timeline or a decision? Companies like to see initiative in their potential hires after an interview.	labels:That's definitely something I'm lacking.  I need to be better about that because I'm sure it will help.
text:It definitely does help to make sure you are following up!	labels:When is a decent amount of time to follow up?
text:I usually wait a week before I reach out.	labels:Thank you, that is really helpful advice.
text:Not a problem! I know this is an incredibly difficult situation, but I know you can make it through!	labels:Thank you, I know this crazy year has been hard on a lot of people for different reasons.
text:Yes it has!	labels:You've been helpful and I think we've hit our minimum that we need. Unless there is anything else from you?
text:I am all set! Feel free to chat back anytime you need anything!	labels:Thank you so much! I hope you have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:hi there?	labels:Hi.
text:how are you? what's new with you?	labels:I am not doing so great. I fell down some stairs the other day and broke my foot and chipped my two front teeth.
text:Sorry to hear that. I feel you because I had an experience about breaking my bones. It was sad story. how you feel right now.	labels:I am grateful for my family they are taking care of me but I am on crutches and am in a boot when I am not icing my foot.
text:Very good. I am glad that you have a good family who can support you whenever you need a help.	labels:Yes I am struggling with some depression just because I am feeling a bit isolated with the broken foot along with COVID going on.
text:Totally, sad side of our current situation. I hope you can tide-over this hard time soon and you are doing your best at this time. So proud!	labels:Thank you I appreciate that! Yes I am getting surgery like 2 days before christmas so this christmas should definitely be interesting to say the least haha.
text:Ohhh that sucks. I am happy to yo don't lose your fun and you are not pessimist which is good and it might help for your health. Always try to see the bright side.	labels:Yes exactly. I got my teeth fixed a couple days ago as well so that was good too! I am really leaning on my family for support but just felt like asking for some outside help which is why I am talking to you right now lol.
text:Exactly, sometimes we need new window to see things by different ankle. So can I ask you what you want me to do or what is really need you right now ?	labels:I think I pretty much got everything I need from you- I just needed to vent I think. So we can stop talking now or whenever you have to leave.
text:ok for sure, It was nice to talk you.	labels:You too!
text:hope you feel better.	labels:I appreciate that! thank you.	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you?	labels:I'm feeling kind of down lately. I feel like most of my friends have been avoiding me.
text:Oh i'm sorry to hear that. why are you're friends avoiding you?	labels:I have no idea. Everything was working out well just a few weeks ago. I feel so lonely.
text:Have you tried to reach out to your friends for coffee, food or beer?	labels:No. I fear that I might get turned down. They are usually the ones that ask me out, and they haven't been doing that for weeks.
text:Perhaps you should give it a shot and see what happens. They maybe feeling the you are the one not reciprocating and this whole thing has just been a miscommunication.	labels:You are saying that I have perhaps missinterpreted the whole situation?
text:perhaps. You said that you have not reached out to your friends, so they could just be waiting.	labels:But wouldn't them call me if they were at least slightly interested?
text:I understand your concern, but I would suggest that all relationships are a balancing act and perhaps cannot be one sided.	labels:You know what, yeah, perhaps I just need to put a little more from my part this one time. Do you think I should call my closest friend then?
text:I think that is a good start. If  they are your closet friend you should be able to talk about this too them.	labels:Yeah, I feel really comfortable talking to her. I can be open about my concerns regarding other friends too.
text:This sounds like a good friend. I hope this is just a miscommunication..	labels:Hopefully. I might have been overreacting after all.
text:Have a good talk with a good friend will sort this out. This is the way.	labels:I agree. Thank you.
text:no problem. hope this help. stay safe. be well.	labels:You too. Again, Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is your day going? Would you like to talk about anything?.	labels:My day has been alright, finally got myself to go to the gym today after 4 weeks of not being motivated/ having the time so that's cool.
text:Is there something specific that has caused you to lose motivation? I am happy to listen..	labels:It is hard to put a finger on it, it's just easy to get complacent for me. Especially when I am not seeing results... but i genuinely like going so I'm glad I forced myself to go.
text:A lot of gyms have been closed due to the pandemic .. do you think that that knocked your schedule off kilter a bit?.	labels:Not necessarily, i mean I have had access for awhile, but definitely when they were closed in my state for a period of time it sucked, this whole pandemic sucks lol.
text:Yes it really does. I know that personally I am much less motivated to do anything at all than I was this time last year.. Do you feel that there are other areas of your life that you are struggling with too?.	labels:I mean in school not doing great, and not super happy with my social life.
text:Is there a specific problem with school or is it just 2020 fatigue?.	labels:Its hard to stay motivated, I don't really enjoy it, i mean I am sure a lot of people dont' but its very hard to focus and I'm worried I am in school for the wrong reasons, covid stuff def doesnt help tho.
text:I do not know how long you have to go in school but if you have not done very much so far would you consider dropping out and perhaps training for a profession instead?. Sometimes things can be more lucrative than just having a degree, if that makes sense.	labels:lol, not that easy, I dont know what profession I would train for... also I have been in college since late 2017 so I am at the final stretch and have already put a bunch of money in, I totally see where ur coming from though, however no trades really jump out to me and interest me. Maybe i can do research but again I am pretty far into college.
text:Well I would say that if you've got as far as you have you might as well get the piece of paper. But the world is your oyster after that - you do not need to be tied to your field!.	labels:I agree! I've always worried about money, Im hoping that it becomes a bit of a nonissue, not to get political but the whole capitalism thing is a huge downer lol, Imagine being able to live life without worrying about money, very nice, but then again financial freedom isnt everything.
text:Certainly I do not think there is any harm in the status quo being shaken up a little .. or indeed a lot!.	labels:forreal, our system is really weird, we place value on these random things and then force people to fight for pieces of paper their whole life, its an interesting problem. I find it more interesting how many people dont think about it too deeply, but they are probably happier that way.
text:I totally agree. I am not totally sure what the solution is but I am hoping that there is one. Do you feel as though there is hope for the future though?.	labels:Oh definitely, its just scary comparing myself to others that look like they have it all figured out.
text:When I was a student I sometimes felt that everyone else knew where they were going except me. But I later found out that everyone has some insecurities.. That said, I am still not totally sure where I am going a quarter of a century in so I am perhaps not the best person to take advice from :D.	labels:haha thats true, and dont sell yourself too short..., it is hard to get out of your own head and look at the other perspective, ill keep everything youve said in mind. anyways thanks for talking to me it was nice! have a great rest of your day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is life treating you today?.	labels:terrible, i got dumped. the other day. im alone during a pandemic.
text:Your partner has left you? I am very sorry to hear that. How long were you together for?.	labels:7 years.
text:Wow that is a really long time. I can understand why you are feeling so lousy. Is there any chance of reconciliation?.	labels:probably not. or at least i dont see that happening in the near future. they cheated on me.
text:I remember when my partner left me after eight years I felt that I was never going to get over it. I was angry and miserable for a very long time..	labels:thats what im expecting to be. oh well, at least with the year we have all had i can just add this to the pile..
text:Yes it has been a really terrible year for all of us. I am so sorry that this happened to you on top of everything else!. I know how bad it feels but I can promise you that it will fade after time..	labels:thanks, its been tough. i still have my dog at least.
text:Ah dogs are absolutely wonderful companions aren't they? Especially when the world is so isolated right now.	labels:she is super cuddly. this would be extremely hard without her.
text:What breed of dog is she? I have two cats and they have been really helping me when I've been feeling low..	labels:i actually dont know. she's a rescue from mexico. she's a mix breed. maybe some whipit and lab. she looks like dobby from harry potter lol.
text:Rescues are the best. My two are rescues and it took them a while to trust me but now they love me unconditionally. It is good that you have a pet in your life .. much better than your useless ex I think!.	labels:haha yep. i think my dog is thrilled with having the extra bed space, as mean as that sounds.
text:LOL well it's good that you are able to look on the bright side about this. Have you considered making plans for the future, once the pandemic is over?.	labels:Yep, ill be getting back to my life and plans after. i have a bad heart condition so ive had to stay inside pretty much all year.  also another messed up thing my ex did to me, cheated on me and then came back into the house. she could have passed it to me.
text:I am sorry to hear about your heart condition, that obvious compounds your problems. I believe that things are going to improve in the New Year though. Let's face it, there does come a time when it seems that not much can get worse.	labels:and thats when it gets worse haha.
text:Try to look on the bright side of things :) At least you can't be dumped twice ;).	labels:haha thats true. thats comforting thanks.
text:I hope that one day you feel that you will be able to date and trust another person though. Don't let one bad apple put you off for life.. Anyway it has been very nice to chat, I hope that I was able to be of help.	labels:totally, thanks..	episode_done:True
text:hello. How are you tonight.	labels:Hi, I feel somewhat concerned, I failed a test. I might fail the class. I honestly sometimes feel like college is too hard for me.
text:I can understand how you feel.i am between classes also. are your classes online in person.	labels:A mixture. I currently have 2 online classes and 2 face-to-face ones.
text:So you have a full schedule. Are these mandatory classes for your degree. May I aks what your major is.	labels:Yes, I am in a full schedule. The class I might fail is mandatory for my Computer Science degree. That is why I am so concerned.
text:Is it online in person.	labels:That class in particular is online.
text:Being online makes it harder..	labels:You think so? I kept telling myself that they were supposed to be easier, since its on the computer.
text:Maybe the in person classes can be restructured, maybe you can change your schedule  .	labels:If I fail the class, would you suggest I retake it in person then?
text:My classes are online and I can chose my load. Are the i person classes more important then this class. I would. But before you fail can you drop the class then pick it up in person.	labels:I don't think I can, the withdrawal period ended long ago...
text:Can you talk with your teacher for extra credits.	labels:That could be an option, although he can be very rude at times. I don't think he will accept.
text:Is there away to talk with him in person to explain your issue. Ask for his advise in person versus the online.	labels:I will consider doing that that. What if he doesn't want to give me any extra credit oppourtinities? I might have to deal with failing the class...
text:If you get a failing grade you can take what you have learned and use it for the future.	labels:That is true, I never looked at it that way. It might not be that tragic after all...
text:Sometimes what we learn can be used to better ourselves.	labels:I agree... I definetely feel a little better now. More calmed.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are things with you today?.	labels:well I fear losing my job.
text:I am very sorry to hear that, can you tell me a little about the circumstances?.	labels:I work around food all day and it makes me hungry so I have been sneaking bites of food when no ones looking. I am afraid. I will get caught.
text:So, you are feeling guilty that you've been breaking the rules and your conscience is catching up with you?.	labels:Well yes. that is correct. but the food looks sooooo good. how can you no eat?
text:Well, you won't be able to eat if you get fired ;) I can understand the temptation though - I used to work fast food and I would steal fries sometimes. Do you ever have any  sort of compulsion to steal other things or is it just food?.	labels:see you do it too!!!!! just food. like fries.
text:I think that everyone is sometimes tempted to do things that they know that they should not do so do not worry too much but you don't want to risk your job.	labels:Ok. so are you saying you stopped stealing fries?
text:Unfortunately I was fired. Though not for stealing fries. I was just a terrible cook..	labels:thanks for saying that. I makes you human. Though I do not know if I will be able to stop eating. how do I stop?
text:Well, you could try to have a big meal before you go to work so you'd be less tempted?.	labels:hey that's not a bad idea. Any others?
text:Hmm well do you have any friends at work you could confide in who might be able to stop you?. Just tell them to remind you that you might be fired if you keep going!.	labels:that's a very good idea. but I could never confide to a co-worker. any other ideas? you are really helping.
text:Are you religious? You could make  pledge to God that you would not steal from work anymore..	labels:religion has not effect on my judgements. I wish I had such faith. perhaps the world would be a safer and more peaceful world if god would punish those who tried to game the system.
text:Yes I agree. Well, what about talking to family members and promising them that you will stop? You do not want to leave your family penniless.. Or, if worse came to worse, would you consider looking for a job that did not involve being around food all day?.	labels:Yes perhaps a job with out food would be the solution . like a gambler should not work at a casino. this is a revelatoin.
text:Do you think you have an addiction to food in general?. There are organisations that will be able to help you if that is the case.	labels:Addict to free food perhaps.
text::) I hope I have been able to help you today and I wish you all the best!.	labels:same thanks. you helped.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. How may i help you today?	labels:I feel terrible right now,
text:why?	labels:My friends have been leaving me out of Christmas parties. I saw on Facebook my best friend didn't invite me to his Christmas party..
text:Your friends have been leaving you out of christmas parties is that correct? You knew nothing about the parties?	labels:Yes. My best friend didn't invite me to his party. I think its because I always wear mask and try to obey the CDC guidelines..
text:I understand how you are feeling i would feel the same way. They should not be having christmas parties right now with the Covid going around bad. I would not feel bad or terrible about it because you are doing the right thing.	labels:Yea it just hurts being left out. He is my best friend and I am not sure what to do. I feel like I need to talk to him abou tit..
text:yes you should talk to him about it and see why he did not invite you. I hope they was wearing a mask and staying 6 feet at the party.	labels:I saw photos and they were not wearing masks. In one way I'm glad I did not go. I also think he put a lot of people at risk. How should I bring this up?
text:I would just be straight forward and tell him you saw the photos of his christmas party. Either way if you did know about the party it would not be best if you go just for your safety.	labels:Should I talk about him putting others at risk?
text:yes I believe you should talk to him about that to because he was putting everyone at risk.	labels:Should I do it over txt, Phone, or in person?
text:which ever is more comfortable for you.	labels:Ok so txt would be ok then.
text:Yes and just talk to him about how you feeling and see what he has to say.	labels:Thank you so much. I'm going to do that tonight and see how it goes.
text:your welcome i hope it goes good and he listens.	labels:Thank you have a great night and a Merry Christmas!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:uninspired. broken. a rock. a static object. bananas.
text:Well, that's a start. Do I hear you saying that you're confused at the moment?.	labels:not confused. frustrated that I have to produce art for marks when I am not inspired.
text:Ah I hear you, education can be both wonderful and difficult can't it? What are you supposed to produce?.	labels:painting after painting. like I am an ikea machine, photocopying picasos for A's.
text:I can imagine that that is very frustrating. Would you consider switching majors?.	labels:What is life but a stage. Art is life. I love art. no.
text:Ah Shakespeare, a great favourite. I have had times when I have felt that there was no point in continuing with my studies too but it tends to pass. Can you keep reminding yourself that this is for the good of  your future and one day it will pay off?.	labels:does the sun now set and then rise again. Does the spring not come after winter. Yet I cannot see how art will give me grades.
text:Well, I am assuming that you want to go into an artistic field on graduation?.	labels:yes, but no like a 9-5 job. perhaps i am yet another art failure. art has no time.
text:I think you are putting yourself down unnecessarily. Many people do make a lucrative career from an art qualification. I would urge you to keep working to the best of your ability and see what happens.	labels:you speak the truth. I will again pick up my brush and see where my inspiration takes me. oh it has been a joy talking to you.
text:Have you ever tried searching for information about careers in your field? We still have a few minutes left :). There are a lot of different ways in which you can use an art degree!.	labels:Yes. we do. I will call my newest work the brilliant support of mturk! pls give me more inspriation.
text:That sounds like a definite winner :) I see a Turner prize beckoning in your future.	labels:wow. Turner. are you in the UK? is the UK.
text:Yes I am, where are you?.	labels:USA.
text:Ah .. well hopefully things will pick up for you next year. Well it's been lovely talking, I wish you all the best!.	labels:The quest for the Turner starts now. goods travels to you chap!	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:Hello, I am struggling a lot right now.
text:I'm here for you. what would you like to talk about.	labels:It's about my recent breakup. My girlfriend left me last week. I honestly don't think I can handle the loneliness.
text:That's a hard situation to go through. How long were you together.	labels:We were together for almost 2 years.
text:If you don't mind me asking. how old are you.	labels:I am 24 years old.
text:Ok so you were together with this person for ten percent of your life almost. that is a significant relationship.	labels:It surely is. I definetely feel somewhat worthless now.
text:That is understandable. would you like to tell me what you plan on doing.	labels:Sometimes I have suicidal feelings...
text:That is a serious emotion. Have you been talking to anyone yet.	labels:No, I live alone.
text:Do you have family or friends you can reach out too.	labels:I have one friend who lives in my neighborhood, but I dont trust him much.
text:Have you considered calling a help line. They are free, private and very professional.	labels:I feel like those are useless to be honest.
text:I understand. Would you happen to be in college?	labels:Yes, I am at my last year of college right now.
text:Have you tried to reach out to any of the free student services such as councillors.	labels:No, althought I prefer those than help lines.
text:your situation is unique to you and they would be there to help. That what you pay tuition for.	labels:What if they make fun of me.
text:That would get them fired.  but it's ok if you don't want to go to them. I would suggest talking to your friend first at least. Even if you don't trust him. You need to express your emotions to someone.	labels:I honestly don't feel like expressing my emotions would be of any help. Do they even care lol?
text:I am here to listen. please express your emotions.	labels:I just want to kill myself already...
text:I would no suggest that. Your life is important.	labels:She was such an important part of my life... I can't live on without her. She was the only thing that I actually cared for. How can you say my life is important without her?
text:I understand. She was important. but now she is gone. You can accept this , or not. I would suggest accepting is the better option.	labels:Well I think I rather not accept it and just end my life. Seems easier.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:How is everything.	labels:Not the best.  I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19 (tested positive), so I am getting cabin fever.
text:Ready for the holidays. So you tested positive, must be hard.	labels:I am starting to get an aversion to holidays.  When I was in college, my father was dying, and Thanksgiving was the last meal he ate at the family table...Christmas was the last time he ate solid food,and he died on the day after Epiphany. So I have come to associate Thanksgiving through January as a time of loss.
text:The holidays can bring back memories, but you have other family around right.	labels:This month has driven it home more, because I have had six people die this month.  It's starting to bring on flashbacks. No, my family all moved from the area.  The nearest is now half a country away and hasn't spoken to me in over ten years.
text:The virus is hard. along with the season.	labels:It's been... interesting.
text:You must have friends around, right. have you contacted any. How long ago did your dad pass away.	labels:Ahhh... I hate to be that guy, but I really don't have that many friends.  I have a couple people at my church who have checked in, but I wouldn't go so far as to call them friends (we don't hang out, I don't get invited over...) I was in college.  He died slowly and painfully.  It was really unpleasant. And he was a brilliant man.  I could only wish to be half of what he was.
text:That can cause loneliness as well. What about seeing if your family will chat and let them know you ae ok.	labels:I don't even have contact information for them anymore.  The last known phone numbers have been disconnected and the last time I sent mail, it was returned for wrong address, no forwarding information known. I think they forgot about me.
text:Comparing yourself to others can be a positive and give you reason to strive more.	labels:The only one I still have contact with is my mother.
text:Have you checked to see if she is ok.	labels:I avoid comparing myself to others.  I usually come out on the bad side of it. I talk to her regularly.  She is okay, but I fear she is reaching the age where I know I won't have her much longer.
text:But use your dad as inspiration.	labels:I'm just thankful I have had her this long. That I do.  While I will never have the skills my father had technically, I am thankful that I did get his ability to be analytical and his compassion for others.
text:See that is a positive thing. You both need each other. That is great to hear. He is a role model  for you.	labels:Absolutely.  I still remember him teaching me things that I use to this day.  I still smile when I think of one time when he first became ill and couldn't get out of bed... there was a project he wanted to do and it bothered him that it had not gotten done.  Well, I was able to do it, because he had taught me enough to know what to do.
text:That is a positive in itself. Keep his legacy going through you.	labels:The look of pride in his face was priceless.
text:And you have that memory to live by.	labels:The one thing I carry on because of him is my love for my church.  He was on the church vestry (governing board).  I am on my church worship team.
text:His smile is in your heart and you can still feel him.	labels:I actually made church history, because I sing with the praise team (some churches call that a choir), but I sing many of the songs in American Sign Language. I am the first signing member of the church.
text:See that there in itself is a reason to smile.	labels:2021 will be the 50 year anniversary of our congregation. I joined just over ten years ago. My church is my anchor.
text:You are a positive for your church. Not many can sign language.	labels:My pastor is wonderful.  He is like the little brother I didn't have but always wanted.
text:That is awesome. See you have a purpose. I imagine he is missing his big sister.	labels:My favorite story about signing in the church is how it began...  I had asked to do it and had been shot down cold six times.  Well, I laugh now, but at the time I was angry. If you mean me, I'm male. But the last time I was told I could not sign for the church, I told the elder who said no that God was going to give him a sign.
text:But your determination kept your dream alive.sorry big brother. You are a very determined person. Don't let the fire die inside your heart.	labels:Well, God delivered on the promise quickly.  That same who  morning we had a family visit who were on a road trip.  They just were passing through but wanted to go to church while travelling.
text:The Lord is using you to each others/	labels:They had a little girl about 6 or 7 years old who was Deaf.  She saw me sitting in the back of the sanctuary signing the lyrics to the songs, and praying in Sign.  Her face lit up and she started signing too. At the end of the service, she found me and gave me a big hug around my legs and then looked up and said "I always wanted to go to a church where someone knew MY language!"
text:God placed you there for that little girl.	labels:From that point on, there was no problem with me signing in church. I think He placed her there for me, also.  It was a mutual deal. There is no one in my congregation at the moment who signs, but I keep hoping for the future.
text:You have a calling on your life. Don't let the dream die.	labels:No.  That mission has been placed on my heart.
text:He will use you in mighty ways.	labels:Well... I should be going, but thank you for taking the time to chat.
text:Ok. Hope I was of help. I am a Christian also.	labels:You definitely were.  I am feeling better than I have in about a month.  I appreciate that. God put you here tonight for a reason.
text:God loves you..	labels:Of this I have no doubt.
text:Glad  iI was here.	labels:I am actually in the process of studying catechism with my pastor, and plan to be re-confirmed.
text:Live the dream and seek Him always.	labels:I was confirmed in a different denomination as a child, but I learned nothing.  One day I realized that I have no knowledge of the faith, and that did not sit well with me.
text:Be Blessed for He lives inside of you.	labels:So I am changing that and not just paying lip service to Jesus, but actively seeking Him.
text:Are you saved.	labels:Absolutely.
text:Seek Him everyday. He is my 1st in the morning.	labels:I was not always.  I drifted a few years back.  My church family gave me a gift and sent me to a religious retreat at a resort owned by my church denomination.  It was there and in that moment that I came back to God.
text:God has away to bring His sheep back. He knew you and did not give up on you. I fell away for 15 years, but He opened my eyes.	labels:I try to go each year, as it's an annual retreat.  I missed this year because of COVID, but hoping for next year.  I was going to take a friend from out of state.  He couldn't attend due to the pandemic.  But if all goes well, next year will be different. It was about 15 years for me, as well. I was never far away, just not close enough, if you know what I mean.
text:Your a gift from God to the world.	labels:I left my childhood church because it turned into a false church, and it no longer teaches God's word. I still pray for them daily that they can realize what they are doing, repent and turn it around.
text:We were always close but He knew the time to bring you home. Even though we are locked down can you sign online for a church.	labels:It took years to find a church that God wanted me to be with, but I have found my church family, and I love them.  I am closer to my church family than I am to blood relatives.
text:Does your church have online services.	labels:Due to technical issues, I can't sign for my church, but I do have the pleasure of streaming the service each week, so I can still see my pastor, hear his message, and worship.
text:So you are still plugged in the church.	labels:Because of the way the feed is set up, I can not participate unless I am at the church building, and I need to wait until I am clear of the COVID infection first.
text:My church is miles away but I still hear the message every Sunday.	labels:I watch the service live each week.  Actually, I have told the pastor I have gotten spoiled and like the online streaming because I can watch the service again, later. There are days when I am closed up in my room wanting to feel sorry for myself that I take great comfort in watching the service again.
text:Can you send messages so the church knows you r ok.	labels:I do, and my pastor is wonderful about chatting with me on Facebook every day or so. Just a couple weeks ago, he brought me a giant care package full of food and snacks to help keep me going and relieve the boredom.
text:can you sign language the service and send it back for the church to reach others.	labels:No...  I'm not fluent enough for that.  I do the songs because I can research them and practice ahead. I can't interpret.
text:Do u have away to record the service and sign language. Sign language the songs.	labels:I am blessed to have friends who give me technical advice.  I have a friend who is a certified interpreter who has sent me video showing me the correct way to sign certain songs.
text:So you have a way to sign for others.	labels:At the moment, I have no way, but that's okay.  Since there is no one in the congregation who signs at the moment, I am not needed in that role.
text:You are Just like that little girl.	labels:I have no doubt if there were someone depending on me to get the message across, God would have shown us a way to get me streamed in. I will be where He wants me to be and serve Him as he chooses to use me.
text:Ask and you will receive.	labels:True.
text:You are very gifted..	labels:I just received a message saying our time is running out.  But thank you.  It has been wonderful chatting with you.  God has used you to lift me tonight and remind me what it important.  Thank you for that blessing.
text:Ok Be blessed. Have a Merry Christmas.	labels:You too, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello thank you for agreeing to talk to me how are you.\nI am good. How about you?	labels:Not to bad, I am having anxiety at work because I feel like I am horrible at my job, can you help me with any addvice?
text:Sure. I will be happy to. How many years have you been in the current position?	labels:About 4.
text:Are you at a management position?	labels:I am not in a management position, and I will probably not ever be in that kind of position.
text:Your anxiety might come from the pandemic. a lot of people have this problem.	labels:That is definitely the source of much of my anxiety, but I felt like this although to a lesser extent before the pandemic began. Have you ever been in a similar situation, and if so, how did you handle it?
text:If it comes from the job insecurity, I would do it proactively and find another job first.	labels:That would be tough for me now during the pandemic, and even though there are jobs like mine that are available, it might involve more travel than I currently have to do, do you have any other options for what might work for me to help me to overcome my anxiety?
text:You may exchange information with your colleagues and see if there is anything you don't know.	labels:That is a very helpful idea, have you ever been in a similar situation?
text:No. I never had such an experience.	labels:It is not fun, please let me know if you have any other ideas, or if after talking to my colleagues they tell me that they are in fact conspiring against me.
text:The best strategy is to find another place. I don't have the intention to play with the office politics..	labels:That is good advice. Do you know of another type of job that I should try to find if I am currently in education and do not want to do this job anymore?	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi! How are you feeling today?	labels:Just a bit emotional.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Can you tell me a little more?	labels:I wish I could find a job, I have been applying everywhere. I makes me very sad that no one will hire me.
text:That is definitely understandable. When I first graduated from college, I went through the same thing and thought I would never find a job! What field do you work in?	labels:This had been such a hard year with covid. I am a pet sitter, but people aren't leaving home so I have no work.
text:Just from this short conversation, I can tell how upset you are. It's definitely hard this year since people aren't traveling. Have you tried any other jobs?	labels:I have tried every field I might qualify for. People want experience, which I don't have.
text:You are supplementing income right here with Mturk! That was a great choice! And the vaccine is starting to slowly roll out, I think many more people will feel more comfortable traveling soon,.	labels:Yes, indeed. But I haven't been able to pay rent for 3 months, that is scary. I hope so.
text:I understand why that is very scary! Do you live alone? Or is there another person bringing in income?	labels:Just me and my daughter.
text:Many landlords understand the struggle and are allowing tenants extra time when they can't pay. Is that the case for you?	labels:I don't know, they seem understanding but who knows how much longer? I just hate this unknown.
text:It sounds like the stress of the unknown is really getting to you. I have definitely felt this way over the past year too, You aren't alone. When I start to fell stressed, I take a few deep breaths and focus on what I can control..	labels:Yes, I keep pushing on. Thank you for your understanding.
text:In your case, you can control how many applications you fill out. And it sounds like you are filling out many. I believe if you keep doing that, you will find a job.	labels:That is what I keep hoping.
text:You are doing everything you can do on your end. I know it's hard, but I think you can do it!	labels:Thanks so much, bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello. how are you? how may i help you today?	labels:Kinda sad today. Wanted to ask for some mental support.
text:what is making you sad?	labels:Not being able to find a job after graduation.
text:I can understand how you are feeling i had the same problem after i graduated.	labels:okay.
text:have you put in job applications everywhere.	labels:Yes I did, and quite a lot but I think because of the pandemic they are not hiring that much.
text:With this pandemic going on i know it is even more harder to get a job.	labels:yes.
text:you are right. Have you looked on the internet such as indeed?	labels:I've tried LinkedIn they have many companies hiring. maybe my CV is just bad.
text:yes they do i am familiar with that. how is your resume looking?	labels:I think I could improve it.
text:Have you talked to someone in your family and see if they could help you with your resume to improve it.	labels:I've asked some friends, I think a friend will help me out when he's not busy.
text:do not let this bring you down i know you will find a job soon it will just take time and you have to just be patient.	labels:Yes I know.
text:have you tried to go to place and talk to a hiring boss about a job?	labels:It's hard with this virus to go anywhere pretty much.
text:yes i can understand that.	labels:Worst time to graduate. Haven't even got the graduation ceremony lol.
text:all you can honestly really do right now is to try to improve your resume and see if that helps any and just keep searching for jobs and putting in applications and i know you will get a call from a job soon. yes it has been a bad year for anything to happen.	labels:Yea that's what I am thinking of doing.
text:good thing is you graduated and congrats on that.	labels:yes at least I graduated. haha. thank you.
text:your welcome hope my suggestions helped you today.	labels:thanks a lot                             (15min is minimum) you made my mood go up.
text:i am glad i could help you.	labels:Have a great evening and thanks for suggestions :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you today?	labels:OK a little upset.
text:I'm sorry. Can you tell me what happened?	labels:I thought I was in a good relationship and just like that he calls it quits. We went on a date and he just decided to break up with me..
text:I understand you are upset and caught off guard.. What was his reasoning?	labels:He says he loves me but just doesn't want to be with one person now. Yes, I actually thought we we getting ready to move in together. We had been talking about it for awhile.
text:Oh wow.... Thats horrible. How long were you with him? Sometimes people can surpise us..	labels:Met him 2 years ago and have been dating ever since. This is just a bad time of year do have this happen also.
text:Just a bad year all around. I'm so sorry this has happened.. and right before christmas.. Hopefully you can return his present if you got him one already.. Do you have any plans for christmas? Maybe keeping yourself busy and distracted through the holidays will help.	labels:Oh I will return his present I think I'm done with him.  I do not think I could ever go back to the same person I would never trust him. I think that's why it feels awful.  I'm probably better off finding out now before we moved in together.
text:YES. At least you found out before such a huge life choice. Its also better you found out now at 2 years instead of 4 years.	labels:I agree, i don't know if I'm sad or mad.  Probably a little of both..
text:I'm sure you are filled with mixed emotions. Anyone would be.. Like you said, you dont live with him. So it will be much easier to cut ties.	labels:Well I have some friends that I live with now and they are very good to me. So at least I won't be alone this Christmas.  Thank you for you support it made me feel good to vent about it. .
text:You are very welcome. I wish you the best of luck. I hope you have a Merry Christmas.	labels:Thank you you are so kind. Hope you have a nice Christmas also! It makes me feel good to know there are caring people out there so I do not have to feel alone..	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm feeling sad.\nGood afternoon.	labels:Good afternoon to you.
text:Can I ask for a reason why.	labels:Yes, my best friend has decided that I'm not that important...or as important as I thought I was....
text:What is causing you to be sad.	labels:She used to call me multiple times per day, it's been 3 days and nothing.
text:So this is a close friend.	labels:Yes, we have been friends for 10 years, best friends.
text:That could cause a sadness.	labels:Absolutely...what do you think is wrong?
text:Could it be for a reason you are unaware of.	labels:I'm not sure, I don't think I have done anything wrong, or bad, we haven't had a fight.
text:Maybe she is busy and the timing is off. Does your friend work.	labels:Well, she did just move into a very large house, but she didn't even want me to help her, no she doesn't work.
text:May not be a fight but she is busy settling in. Does she live with her family.	labels:Well, maybe, but does that really warrant her ignoring me? She lives with her husband.
text:How long has it been since she moved in.	labels:A week and a half ago, not long, but not like yesterday.
text:have you thought about a housewarming gift.	labels:Hmm, no I didn't think about that, that may be a good idea.
text:So just a week and she is settling in.	labels:Yes, but the home came furnished and honestly, I didn't think there was that much to do, but maybe I should get a gift, to break the ice.
text:Friendship is important maybe she needs to hear from you.	labels:Yes, it is very important, I just felt if I called I would be bothering her :(
text:Could she she is arranging the house to fit her style.	labels:That is possible, and it is a HUGE house, 4 stories.
text:Have you tried to visit her and see if you can help.	labels:No, we are not seeing each other in person due to COVID.  Do you think I should try calling or texting first?
text:sometimes people get overwhelmed and need a friend to be there.	labels:Yes, they certainly do, darn COVID stops everything.
text:That would be a great idea, especially with the holidays.	labels:Would a text be more appropriate vs. a phone call?  What do you think?
text:Yeah the virus has stopped a lot of people.	labels:I just feel so hurt and abandoned, like I don't mean anything to her.
text:Why not text her 1st to break the ice. But maybe she is feeling like she is alone also.	labels:Well, I think I will try that, I mean, it's not that intrusive.  I hope she's not feeling alone, I hope she doesn't think I'm abandoning her!
text:The virus is stopping people but we can find away. Does she have other family.	labels:I am going to send her a message, do you think I should get her a digital gift card as a gift? Yes, she has a son in college.
text:The card could be a nice gift.	labels:I think I will text her and let her know I'm sending a gift card....maybe she will respond.
text:Text and ask about her son.	labels:That's a great idea!  Thank you :)	episode_done:True
text:hello, what is on your mind today?	labels:I am mean. I do not know how to stop judging people. people hate me.
text:why do you think that?	labels:because I have no friends. and I hate people.
text:so, you hate people and they hate you back. if you hate people why would you care if they hated you back.	labels:true. but I am trying to not hate people. but people keep making me hate them.
text:it can atake time for people to change. if you change yourself if can take a while for others tosee the change and for them to adjust thier thoughts. pushing people away leads tounhappiness and misery. i did it for years.	labels:wise words. thanks. I was thinking about moving to another city so that I can start fresh. no clothes. no me.
text:a fresh start would be agreat way to do that.	labels:did you know that the average person reads at a grade six level?
text:any idea where you would go?	labels:somewhere warm.
text:i did not know that, i am in school for my master's degree. i taught myself to read in kindergarden i am told lol.. from what i have seem going through college though, i completely beleive it. from what i have seem going through college though, i completely beleive it. warm is nice. i used to live in florida.	labels:they say that you can only relate to someone on levels of one degree (i am making up a measurement for example) you as a master's student can only speak to (and be heard from)  a person with a degree, not a high school diploma. if everyone (most) has grade six then I cannot relate to most people.
text:i can see that. but sometime syou just have to play actress/actor. deal with the stupidity and go home knowing you are better.	labels:That is hard for me. but I agree with this advice. how do you play actress/actor.
text:just pretend you are on thier level. when you get back home roll your eyes. eventaully you will find someone on your level..	labels:thanks for being there for me to rant on. bye.	episode_done:True
text:hello! what is on your mind today?	labels:I have a new boss who is very difficult to work with and make happy.
text:is is a new job that brought the boss, or are you at the same place and just have a new boss?	labels:Same job but a new boss. This is my 5 or 6 boss in 2 years.
text:wow, 5 or 6 bosses in 2 years? that is a lot.. you must work in a high stress job!	labels:Yes I do and It is a lot and this one is very challenging. She doesn’t know the difference between internal and external thoughts.
text:is sounds like you know your job. perhaps you should go to hr and say next time there is a turnover for that position would would like to be considered?. so it sounds like your boss was hired and wasnt really prepared.	labels:I would love to do that but given somethings that isn’t possible. I’ve tied myself and my finances to the job I’m currently doing..
text:maybe you can offer to help get them on board with the way that the company has been working>	labels:You are correct she hasn’t worked in a corporate environment in 8 years. That is a good ideas.
text:if you are honest and say youve been with the company a while and have seen things not going so smooth and offer your experience, it cant  hurt. you could even get a raise out of it.	labels:I wish I could get a raise off it but it isn’t how my company works.. Her lack of professionalism is hurting the group.
text:i dont know how you do it. i would be really frusterated and looking for something better. you are strong!	labels:Yes. I probably need to look for a new job but it is easy to stay at something that seems safe even if you are not happy.
text:you need to be happy. you needa chance to actually move up in your carreer. you deserve it it sounds  like.	labels:Thank you yes I do agree with you there. Did you experience something similar in the past.
text:do you have a family? yes, i have had  job where i felt stuck but it was security. i finnally go so miserable that i started applying to new jobs.	labels:Yes I do have a family and I’m the main source of income.
text:i did phone interviews first wiith companies that i was interested in that they wer interested in me. i got an offer for an in prson with a job i really wanted and i told my job i had a docture appointment. i went to the job interview. when i got the job i did my 1 weeks notice. i was more happy, was able to negotiate a higher salary.	labels:I like that idea and process. Makes it safe to apply elsewhere.
text:i am a single parent so i get it. stability and security is the most inmortant.  i think sometime we forget we deserve to be happy too.	labels:Yes I think that is great advice and makes a lot of sense. Thank you for your help!	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:hi.
text:how are you today.	labels:I'm in a big mess.
text:ok tell me about it.	labels:I am not fine , I tried to persuade the girl to abort the pregnancy but she refused.
text:that is a hard position to be in..	labels:my wedding should be first week of JANUARY , I just said I should fuck this girl and release her as I am about to settle down. I dont know that it will turn to pregnancy .
text:are you saying that the woman you are marrying is not the woman who is pregnant?	labels:now she informed my parent about the pregnancy and my fiancee is still keep on preparing for the wedding, never know that someone has got pregnant for husband to be. yes. just a friend. my parent said I should inform my wife by myself , it is a big shame, she will never agree to go to the altar with again.
text:Do you think you should tell your fiancé?.	labels:ah , it is painful. very difficult to open my mouth and tell her such.
text:What do you think you will do. Tell your finance or not tell your fiance. she will be your wife. this is important for her to know?.	labels:I wish to tell her, but I am scared oooooo. that girl is a bitch.
text:Every man would be scared in your situation. This is a fact. But some with tell and some will not..	labels:So, what should I do, I am ashamed of myself, that is the fact. I will not want my marriage to scatter neither fucking loose her for that fucking bitch.
text:I cannot tell you what to do. I can tell you that you will make vows to your wife, to be honest and faithful. You have to decide if you want to lie or tell the truth. neither is wrong or right.	labels:mmmh. I will have to tell her. thanks .....I AM DOWN ...CRYING MOOD. BYE.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there! What would you like to talk about today?	labels:I am trying to be fine and you?
text:It may be helpful to know.. my name is Ann. I am 43 years old... and I know for myself, I enjoy talking to people when I have concerns.. What is going on?.	labels:Thank you for your concern, I am just worried.
text:What has you worried? I know right now... its a hard time for so many people. I have struggled with my own anxiety the past few weeks.	labels:Sorry about that. This is about my relationship.
text:Ah....relationship worries can be so draining and emotionally exhausting. I can understand that. In your relationship, what has happened to create your worries?	labels:I trusted my spouse but eventually disappointed. She got a jot in another town and she utilize the opportunity to be sleeping around.
text:I can imagine how a break in trust has made you feel. I know a break in trust is always very difficult to process.	labels:I am planing to get married next year but things has changed now.
text:Oh I am sorry to hear that. Have you had a conversation with her about her actions and how they have made you feel?	labels:She knew pretty well how I felt. I don't want to have anything to do with her again.
text:Do you feel that her actions and result can be remedied? Or is this such a fundamental break that you cannot reconcile?	labels:I just want to move on with my life.
text:Understandable. I would feel similar, in truth..	labels:I don't that I can love her again.
text:Only you know whether or not if you can look to forgiving and moving forward or if this is such a fundamental break that it is not something you can mend.. And if you know that this is not something you wish to move forward with her that doesn’t make you a bad person. It means you are taking care of yourself first..	labels:Yes, I want someone that I could trust.
text:Absolutely. Trust is to me a cornerstone of healthy relationships. So I can fully appreciate those feelings and needs. I think fundamentally as humans we want to partner with individuals who we find that we can feel safe with and trust.	labels:Yes, you understood my fear.
text:I do think, and I am not sure how old you are, but infidelity is unfortunately not super rare. I have experienced it myself. I used some resources on even places like Reddit (Surviving Infidelity) to help me process what I had experienced and to also learn from others.	labels:I will check that out, thank you very much.
text:I also talked to a few friends who are married and had experienced infidelity. They chose to forgive each other. I learned a lot from them. It helped me to make up my own mind as to how I needed to move forward. I didn’t want to use a therapist since I do better with discussing ideas with multiple people. But ultimately you may experience a lot of ups and downs. That is also normal. It is your mind and heart processing everything. Please do not get discouraged..	labels:I appreciate that encouragement.	episode_done:True
text:I'm having a hard time being my sons teacher and there is a lot of pressure with that.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:I've been better. How are you?
text:I'm better than I deserve. Does teaching your son give you a lot of anxiety?	labels:Yes, I feel like I'm responsible for getting them to do their schoolwork, maintain my mother sons relationship, and make sure that they do well in their schoolwork. It's a lot that is on my plate on top of the other things that I'm responsible for.
text:Alot of parents are experiencing the same difficulty, even I am experiencing trouble with my child. It is a lot of alien stress to us when, in the past, we were only responsible for ensuring that homework is done.	labels:I agree with you there. It would be nice if they could be in school, but I understand that they shouldn't be. I'd like more help and understanding from my husband, but he seems to be incapable of that. Unless I badger him for it.
text:It's kind of a tired saying, but one strategy that has helped me is the One day at a time strategy. I'm sure you've heard of it. Basically, it means just do for today, don't worry about yesterday, don't stress over tomorrow, just treat this day as it's own task.	labels:I've definitely heard that before, but you are completely right. I need to stop worrying about yesterday and tomorrow and focus on today, but I'm just not very good at that.
text:Then, within that, one task at a time. Segment things he wants to do then reward him with them upon successful completion of school-tasks.	labels:Yea, I definitely need to get better at doing that. I end up letting them play video games and with toys in the middle of the day sometimes because I have work that I have to get done as well.
text:For my example, my daughter very much likes to play video games. In order to earn video game time I need two successful assignments. They have to be small, reasonable tasks, but also an amount of time that allows you to take it one bite at a time. I mean, think about it, how do you eat a cow?	labels:That's very smart on your part. I really need to learn to actually follow through and do that. That is true and a very strange reference.
text:Well, one piece at a time. I apologize for the strangeness of the reference.	labels:No, I appreciate the different references. I was just surprised by it. One piece at a time makes more sense than allowing myself to be bogged down by everything at once when I can only accomplish one thing at a time.
text:You can't do it all at once, and neither can he.  It's not a perfect solution, but its a solution that has worked for me.	labels:You've made some very good points and I just need to get better at taking things one thing at a time.
text:This is a strange new world. Sometimes we have to try strange new things to cope.	labels:That is definitely true. No one could have possibly been prepared for what has been happening. Covid has been disrupting so many people's lives in so many different ways.
text:I'm glad I was able to help.	labels:It's just nice to be able to talk to someone else who is experiencing some of the same things.
text:I think you will find that a lot of your friends are in the same place.	labels:That is probably true, but everyone has been so busy that I've only really been communicating with my husband.
text:And that adds to stress beyond the ad-hoc homeschooling. It is important to purposefully socialize by phone or chat with friends. We humans are social creatures, and you are not an island. We all need friends. My wife has been an amazing support, but I still make time to facetime with my buddies.	labels:That is a very good point and I should really try to talk to my friends more than I do. Thank you for the help today. It was nice to talk to someone else.
text:I'm grateful to be of help.	labels:I hope you have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:i am kind of depressed. how are you?
text:I'm sorry to hear that. These are trying times. Is there anything specific making you feel so down? I'm doing okay today, thank you for asking.	labels:you are so nice.  i lost my job and having trouble finding a new on. one.
text:Oh, I'm so sorry. I can empathize a bit. I lost mine earlier this year due to covid, but they did bring us back.	labels:that is good for you! i don't think the job i was at is coming back.
text:I'm sorry. It can definitely be difficult finding a new job, especially these days..	labels:i just feel so discouraged  no one is responding to my jobsearch.
text:Have you updated your resume? I always forget to update mine when I'm job searching. I leave out so much important information!	labels:that is a good idea. i updated the contact info. but i could read it again.
text:That might be good. Try to include all those little details about what you did, even if it doesn't seem significant. I think it shows flexibility and willingness to like cross train and learn new skills.	labels:i feel like no one is really hiring because of the holidays  i can understand that, except i need employment now. i already cut back on christmas and am just making little inexpensive gifts. can i ask you something?
text:That's definitely a good way to save money, and I think the homemade gifts are more meaningful and full of love, anyway.And yes, of course!	labels:i hope that the love comes across!
text:Oh, I'm sure it will! Just knowing that you took the time and made the effort to make something personal for them is amazing!	labels:do you think anyone actually reads the cover letter part of your application?
text:I honestly don't know. Cover letters are weird, I never know how to do them correctly lol I don't know if they're there just to make sure you're following directions or if they're actually important. I like to think someone does, but I'm really not sure.	labels:Right!?! I agree!  Lol.
text:Applications are so weird! Why do I want to work here? Um, because these bills won't pay themselves lol.	labels:thats funny and too real. i just was thinking about what you said earlier and maybe. if i took the part of the cover letter where i state my transferable skills and put it at the beginging of the resume  it might help.  after all i think we both decided no one is really seeing it in the letter.  what do you think?	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHello, how can I help you today?	labels:I just need someone to listen to me. How are you?
text:I am doing well. What would you like to talk about?	labels:I feel really sad right now, I missed my family haven't seen them for 3 years now. I planned to see them this year but then this pandemic happens.
text:So you were planning to see them after three years but the pandemic has put a halt on that for the time being.	labels:Yes that's right..
text:How far from you do they live?	labels:I'm in the other side of the world. That is like more than 8000miles away.
text:Wow! That is a long way. This pandemic will pass in time so you can visit them.	labels:I really hope so. Thank you. Merry Christmas.
text:Are you able to video chat with them? Possibly with skype, facebook messenger, or zoom. Seeing their faces on the screen could help to ease the sadness.	labels:Yes I always do, plus it always reminds why I needed to be away from them. I am working hard to support my family. I envy families who are together during holidays.
text:I can sympathize with you, my sister, niece, and nephew live on the other side of the country, about 3000 miles away. I know it's hard to be so far away.	labels:I hope you were able to see them.
text:What type of plans do you have when you see them?	labels:I am planning to bring them to nice places my parents never experiences traveling to nice places. They are getting old and want the best for my parents and siblings..
text:I hope this pandemic ends quickly so that you get to see your family soon.	labels:I hope too, Thank you for listening. Have a great day! I really appreciate it..
text:you can call them anytime your sad and missing them.	labels:Yes I will. Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:Hi. I am so nervous about my final paper. It's 50% of my grade.
text:I can understand taking a test can be stressful.  Have you been studying for it?	labels:It's not something to study for but something I've been working on for months.
text:What subject matter is it for? What have you done to prepare for it? What level of schooling are you in now?	labels:It's community health. It's a paper not a test. And it's a group project. We have been implementing a class in a homeless shelter for months and we are measuring the success on that implementation for the adult male population. And we have been finding research articles to support our project.
text:Papers can be very stressful, especially when it is a group project. When I went to graduate school I had to complete 4 full papers on different subjects in 72 hours. Do you feel like you've made progress in finding the necessary information?	labels:Yes I understand it's stressful. And yes we've made progress.
text:I'm sure that if everyone puts in the effort, you will all be successful with your paper.  Is there anything I can do to help?	labels:I can't stand working in groups because there is always someone who doesn't pull their own weight and it usually falls on me to make up for it. I just get so stressed out every time I think about it.
text:I can tell you're stressed about it and group projects are very hard.  Perhaps you can all put a plan together an allocate tasks to make sure that everyone puts in their share of the work? Is that something you've considered?	labels:Yes. I've done that. But still have people who don't seem to stick to the plan.
text:I've been in this situation.  Instead of stressing yourself about it, have you tried speaking to your professor or other group mates about making sure that everyone pulls their weight? Some professors take that into consideration.	labels:Yes I have talked to my other group members and most of them are on board. I could go to the professor. That's an idea.
text:I found in my experience that professors are very receptive to hear about how others are performing in the group and will weigh that information when grading.	labels:Yeah you could be right about that.
text:I hope that you find that suggestion helpful.  When is your paper due?	labels:In a few days.
text:Well, the good news is once you submit it, you'll be able to enjoy a holiday break and hopefully de-stress!  I am sure that you will do great!	labels:Yes that's definitely true. I feel a little better.
text:I'm so happy to hear that!  Sometimes we just need to talk it out a little !	labels:Yes thank you.	episode_done:True
text:hello, how are you tonight ?	labels:Not okay im really depressed and need to talk. I've been dating my partner for a while now it's been like 4 years it tonight after dinner she tells me that she no longer wants to be in a relationship after everything I've done.
text:I am really sorry to hear that your going through that right now, What happened tonight ?. was there an argument.	labels:Yes there was an argument that started way before we even got to dinner because we're having Financial issues and it comes up a lot in our arguments. My partner believes i will not make enough money for us to live says shes tired of the same excuses.
text:I totally understand having financial issues , this is a hard time for so many people. I am sensing that this has been esspecially hard on your relationship, did one of you lose a job?.	labels:I recently lost my job and now finding new opportunities has been the hardest challenge for me now. What can I do stay positive in this situation because I'm slowly losing my insanity.
text:This time of year can be really tough and stressfull. Have you looked into government funded programs for support?	labels:No I actually have it looked into government-funded programs yet did you have any suggestions for me?
text:there are lots of things you can do , I have been having hard time myself. I had my work hours myself and have had to get creatuve ti stay aflot.	labels:Did you have any suggestions.
text:there are many local agencies to help with things ike rent and electric.	labels:Would they help with food and clothing.
text:yes! also , there are many panties around most cities and local churches that help with that stuff.	labels:Yes that's great I will look into that because I do need help with a lot of different services and I wasn't aware that services were still available.
text:with the recent change in our economy i have found that there are many places willing to help , things are not hopless and it sounds like you are motuvated. motivated.	labels:Yes I'm I'm very motivated continue my path of success.
text:thats great !! in the meantime, have you tried talking to your partner about the situation and asking her to help out ? it sounds to me like you are willing to do what it takes to be sucsessfull.	labels:She refuses to help out with anything but when the paycheck comes she's ready to spend it.	episode_done:True
text:hi how are you?	labels:I'm doing well right now.
text:that's great you're doing well 'right now' but what happened prior that you weren't all right?	labels:I just took my last exam and I feel that I will fail and have to retake it.
text:Oh I'm sorry.  I'm sure you did fine.  We all feel that way after exams! .	labels:true!
text:have you felt this way with prior exams?  if so, did you really fail or did you do okay?	labels:No, this was the first time I really did not study for this exam. Because I had 5 class this semester.
text:wow 5 classes is a lot!  So you didn't have time to study?  Did you go to class and do the work throughout the semester?	labels:Yea it was a lot of classes. I tried to attend the lectures, but I was falling behind.
text:I wonder if you can contact the professor and go over your exam with him/her to set your anxiety at ease?	labels:Unfortunately I cannot since he does not teach during the winter semester.
text:how do you get your exam grade and test papers back?	labels:I took it last week, he will not release until the end of this week. I will await my remediation papers.
text:have you spoken to people in the class with you?	labels:Yea we had a big cheating group since it wasn't on examsoft but we all struggled hard.
text:maybe he'll curve the grade then if a lot of people didn't do well.	labels:Nah it's a professional class. No curves since our class size is only 25 people.
text:oh wow.  hopefully you can re-take it then if you really didn't do well.  I bet if you go through your notes and your book and compare to test questions you did better than you thought!	labels:Yea do you want to finish and quit this hit?
text:if you're good you can quit (I can't!)	labels:Great talking with you. See you later :)
text:you, too!  good luck :).	labels:Damn, they want us to chat for 15 minutes. How are you? You stressed out?
text:oh wow!  I didn't know - 3 more minutes.  We can do it!  I'm glad I don't have to study and take exams.  After the exams are the worst!  Not too badly right now.  But every day is a new day :).	labels:I'm majoring in biology. It is very tough I'll tell you that. This semester I took 19 credits. That was a mistake.
text:that's insane!  I did Chem and Bio ONE semester at the same time - with 8 hours of labs a week - I quickly changed majors.  I respect what you're doing!	labels:Thanks! What are you majoring in now?
text:I am way past that stage - my son is starting college in the fall. I am a day trader - business is a lot easier :).	labels:Wow, good luck to your son! I daytrade a bit myself too.
text:nice!  it's really fun.  I have a few 'gigs' I work on but that is my favorite.  And thank you about my son.  I don't miss school - he's already ready to graduate! .	labels:Hey, we defintely passed 15 minutes. It was great talking to a fellow MTurker.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.\nHello! How are you today?	labels:I have been better.  Staying home due to pandemic has been challenging.
text:Me too. I know alot of people and feeling the same way right now.	labels:I feel like all i do is wait on my children!
text:I can agree with that! My children seems to always be needing something. It can sometimes feel overwhelming.	labels:very overwhelming because there are no days off on the horizon.
text:Have you tried reaching out to friends or other family members to help take some of the load off? It may help to even get an afternoon for yourself.	labels:The pandemic has kept everyone at a distance.
text:Yes this would also make me feel isolated as well..	labels:without a paycheck like i received at work I also feel underappreciated.
text:I have heard of some people receiving assistance from their community by supplying food and basic needs. This may be worth looking into.	labels:Thats a thought... I hadn't considered looking into community help.
text:Yes I am sure it may help relieve some of the stress your are feeling.	labels:I really do need to find a way to have some personal space once in awhile.
text:What type of activities do you enjoy when you do have time alone?	labels:I like peace and quiet to read.
text:Me too! I try to read whenever I can. It can take you out of the moment of the daily grind. I have a long list of books to get to.	labels:Thank you for all your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what brings you to bring the seeker?	labels:I feel upset with myself over my situation. Did you read it?
text:I did not see it. What is your situation? I am here to listen.	labels:I feel ashamed of my depression symptoms. I feel other people are ashamed of me..
text:I feel like dying all the time. It's very common for people to be depressed. Feel ashamed how?	labels:I just can't live reguarly life like "healthy" people do and they notice my symptoms. They don't understand how your mind can be your enemy..
text:So you are saying that you can't live regularly and people don't understand that your mind isn't working in your favor. Is that right? Can you tell me what you mean by your mind being your enemy?	labels:Like I have no interest or motivation to do ANYTHING some days. Hard to even take care of my hygiene. My mind doesn't care to do it even when it's embarrasing for people to notice.
text:That sounds very hard. I can understand how judgmental people can be, and of course, why you wouldn't want people to notice you if it was hard for you to take care of yourself. What do you do to cope?	labels:stay away from mean people, stop tryiig to explain my symptoms to others who won't get it.
text:That makes sense why you would want to avoid doing these things, which is a good thing, but is there anything that you try to do that isn't avoidance? Something that approaches something?	labels:I go to all my therapy appoints and try to participate. Thanks for your help. Have a good day.
text:How do you feel about therapy?	labels:I have to go now. Bye.
text:That is unfortunate, but I understand. We haven't finished, the task, however, but I hope you feel better.	labels:I can stay a bit longer. I'm just tired..
text:I think we just need 3 more responses each, let's say..	labels:Thanks.
text:Okay, so can you tell me how frequently you sleep?	labels:about 3 broken hours a night.
text:That sounds awful. I'm sorry. Have you tried researching or practicing any sleep hygiene?.	labels:Yes, I know all the rules. My mind just wont rest.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:how are you?	labels:Not too good sadly:/
text:I'm sorry. what's going on?	labels:My and my long term boyfriend just ended. Turns out he was cheating on me for the past 3 months with his best friend :(
text:whoa, that's pretty messed up!. how long were you together?	labels:Tell me about! We were planning on moving in together next year.
text:wow, I definitely wouldn't go through with that then. Are you sure he was cheating?	labels:I noticed a few signs  and confronted him about it. He didn’t even deny it ! He wasn’t remorseful at all... it’s like he doesn’t even love me. How can you love someone yet betray the, somquiclu. So quickly **
text:did he admit to it? I would agree that he probably doesn't feel the way you want him to..	labels:Not at all.
text:but you know for certain?	labels:Yes HE ADMITTED IT.
text:oh gotcha. yeah that is really messed up.. how long were you two together?	labels:We were together for 3 years. I don’t know how he could just toss it down the drain.
text:That's horrible.. Have you been able to talk to friends about it?.	labels:No, that’s why I’m talking to u. I haven’t been able to eat or sleep in a few days.
text:Do you have any friends who you can talk to it about it? Some people around you who know you really well?	labels:No he was my everything.
text:You definitely need to eat and sleep even though you don't feel like it. You have to take care of yourself even though it feels hard. Guys are a dime a dozen. I don't know what that really means but I think it has something to do with being able to get guys easily..	labels:I know..it’s hard when everything reminds me of him.
text:I think if you really focus on what you need right now, you'll be able to realize that you dodged a bullet. You don't want to be with a cheater. you should want to be with someone who respects you and treats you well.	labels:  Are righ... it just sucks i have to start all over again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello. How are you?
text:I am well, how are you/	labels:Pretty well at the moment, but not so good overall.
text:What is it that I can help you with?	labels:Well, I can't figure out a good strategy to study for my tests. I keep failing.
text:What tests are you struggling with?	labels:Mainly, the ones that require memorization, subjects like political science, government, history, economics, biology. I don't really struggle with physics or math because it's more whether you can do the thing or not.
text:So from what I understand, you are struggling with study strategies to help you pass your tests?	labels:that is correct.
text:I am in school as well and I struggle with ways to study for tests as well. Are there any online study groups that you could join for these classes? I found it is very helpful to study with other students who are struggling in the same way I am.	labels:Well, yeas, that was kind of working for me for a while, but now corona hit us, and all the classes are online. So group studying is no longer as efffective. Do you have any other methods of overcoming it, that you are willing to share?
text:Have you thought about connecting through zoom, or google meet? Video conferencing has become very popular since COVID began.	labels:Yes, I could. It brings its own complications but it should be fine..
text:It definitely takes some getting used to, but after you get used to it, it is a great tool@	labels:Thank you for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there.	labels:How are you?
text:Sorry I was temporarily distracted. Is there anything that you'd like to talk to me about?. I am okay thanks. How is life treating you?.	labels:It's ok.  I am trying to get my crafting business off the ground.  I'm just stressed.
text:It is a very hard time to get a new business going, isn't it? Are you having problems due to the pandemic?. I have also been having financial woes at this time..	labels:No just keeping motivated.  I sell wreaths but I'm switching more to tumblers (just easier storage wise).
text:Well it's great that you've got a business venture! Do you have experience with this sort of thing?.	labels:I have sold wreaths for awhile but I did not have time to be as serious so I did not sell a ton.  Now it's time to kick it up and get tings moving.  Be more serious about it.
text:That sounds like an excellent idea to me! I think that you are definitely doing the right thing.. Have you looked into organisations that might help small business owners like yourself? There are some out there.	labels:I need more motivation, time and energy. I have not but that's a good idea.
text:Alas I think that we all do at the moment - I am struggling myself to find those things..	labels:I feel like I need more hands/arms too.  If I was like an octopus I'd be good lol.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:hello.
text:How are you this evening?	labels:Things are always crazy, and of course with the pandemic my anxiety is even more through the roof. It's not a good time to have immune issues.
text:Are you someone who has immune issues?	labels:I am also facing the real possibility of surgery which scares the heck out of me. I am! I have a severe auto immune disease called Ulcerative Colitis, and I am on immuno suppresant meds on top of that.
text:Just to clarify, you are extremely anxious about the pandemic and the affect it may have on you because of your weakened immune system.	labels:Well  kind of yes. I am going crazy because I've had this for 8 years now and it's forever changing. I've been hospitalized so many times its crazy. This pandemic has made things worse because stress makes it all worse.
text:Just from the few messages we have exchanged, I can tell it makes you very anxious.	labels:Its just really depressing not knowing what to expect next. Its hard to trust the good days sometimes because you can have a wonderful day and wake up really sick the next. Its very unpredictable and I think whats worse is that people really don't understand.
text:Have you reached out to support groups for people with auto-immune issues? it is often helpful to speak with people who are experiencing the same issues you are.	labels:Yes I am part of many on facebook, and yes it does help a lot. I just wish my husband would be able to understand. He says and does some things that make me feel even worse. Almost like he thinks I'm making it up at times. Like, dear goodness no.
text:Have you talked to him about the way he reacts to your immune issues? Sometimes people don't realize they are not being helpful and they think they are doing good when they aren't.	labels:I have tried to talk to him but he seems very uninterested at times. I even tried going to counseling with him and that didn't work. It's just frustrating. He was with me when the one doctor had said just how bad it was and he didn't seem to really pay attention. He was also there when I had to have an emergancy blood transfusion and it was really hard to read him. He just doesnt say or so much.
text:Have you asked what his feelings are towards it? Maybe he is afraid and worried about your health and he isn't sure how to express it and sometimes it comes off as uninterested.	labels:Yeah whenever I try it's like pulling teeth. I know some of it is how he was brought up. I don't think his dad ever showed much emotion/ so yes I'm sure that has something to do with it. I also feel bad a lot of the time because I have two kids. I feel like I fail them a lot. our oldest was born before I got sick. Our youngest was a miracle baby. I was on birth control and he was determained anyway :) He is definatly a gift but I feel bad often.
text:Have you been able to talk to your kids about this as well?	labels:My oldest yes, he seems to understand, he is 8.5 years old. Our youngest is only one so he doesn't understand any of this yet. He says he understands, but I'm not sure on just what level.
text:Yea, with young kids it is hard to tell sometimes. I know this is extremely hard, but I know you can make it through this!	labels:Thank you for the talk! I do feel a bit better right now!	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you tonight?	labels:I'm hanging in there or trying to.  How are you?
text:I'm doing well. What can I help you with?	labels:I'm having a lot of anxiety and anger issues.  My wife wants a divorce.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. Did she give you reasons why she wants a divorce?	labels:I want to work on the marriage.  She doesn't even want to talk. She found someone else. I'm not even sure why she was looking. She shouldnt of been talking to anyone like that.
text:Just from the few messages we have exchanged I can tell you are very upset about this.	labels:I am so upset.  I can't eat, I can't sleep.  I can hardly get up and function.
text:I completely understand, my ex-wife also found someone else while we were married and decided she wanted a divorce.	labels:I don't understand why people even get married if they are going to look for someone else. We could of just staid dating.
text:Have you asked her about why she started looking for someone else? Sometimes it helps to get some closure and understand the reasons why.	labels:She won't talk to me.  I am out of state (back home with family).  She told me when I was up here.  She blocked me on everything.  This new person is already living with her or staying there all the time.  When I call this other person answers her phone and talks trash.  She won't let me talk to my wife at all. And obviously my wife does not attempt to talk to me.
text:Have you reached out to others who have been through this situation? It also helps to be able to talk to people who have been through the same things as us.	labels:I have joined some facebook groups with other that were cheated on while married.
text:That is definitely a good start! What are some hobbies you enjoy?	labels:I use to love to craft and sell stuff on Etsy.  Since this has all gone on I have a hard time doing any of it.
text:I would definitely get back into that stuff too! It helps to distract yourself with things you enjoy!	labels:I am trying.  I try to listen to music too but every song reminds me of her.
text:I had that problem as well, but doing things I enjoyed definitely helped to get my mid off of my ex-wife leaving.	labels:I have to listen to music that I did not with her...which is limited.
text:I know this is extremely hard, but I know you can get through this!	labels:I wish I knew what the secret was to just not love her anymore.
text:I can understand that. Try and find new music, maybe something you haven't listened to before!	labels:I feel like she shut off her feelings for me.  I wish I knew how to do the same.
text:I had a really difficult time with that as well, I just tried to make sure I stuck with my hobbies and distract myself.	labels:I keep trying to distract myself.  It's so much easier to lay in bed and do nothing.
text:What other things do you like to do for fun?	labels:I don't even know anymore I feel like I need to find new hobbies.
text:I think finding new hobbies would be good. Try new things, things you haven't done before.	labels:I will do taht.
text:I think it will definitely help.	labels:Well it was nice talking to you. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing right now?	labels:HI! Not good.  I'm sad right now.  I'm mad and angry all together.
text:So you are not having a good time at the moment? Can you tell me a little more about why?.	labels:No I'm not having a good time at all.  I am so mad at my wife for cheating and not giving our marriage a second chance.
text:Your wife has been unfaithful to you? I can understand why you are so angry about that!. Have the two of you considered counselling or are things beyond redemption now?.	labels:Yes she has been unfaithful.  I think this person she is with is living with her now or staying there (I'm back in my home state now)
text:I am really sorry to hear that. I do know personally how betrayed you feel when you are cheated on. All I can say is, it does get better..	labels:I would love to try counseling.  She won't even talk to me.  I came back home to stay with my family for a few weeks.  She called and said it's all over.  I found out she has someone else. I have been miserable.
text:It sounds like you have been treated very poorly, do you agree with that?.	labels:Yes I have and everyone says to move on.  I just don't know how to let her go in my head and heart. If she called me today and said come back I probably would go.  I know I'm weak.  I just love her.
text:Are there potential financial issues or do you think she'd be prepared to reach an amicable settlement?.	labels:No we just got married earlier this year.  We never even got around to putting our finances together.  So I'm good there.  Thank goodness.
text:She does not seem to have stayed true to her marriage vows for very long!.	labels:No and it shocks me because she was so against not getting a divorce.  We think (her bff and sister) that she may be using drugs.
text:Wow that is very difficult. There are support agencies out there that can help the friends and family of addicts, I believe. Would you consider them?.	labels:I would.  She won't even talk to me though.  When I try to call and talk to her this other woman (the lady she's cheating on me with) answers her phone and will not let me talk to her.
text:That sounds really very controlling. Do you think that maybe she is regretting her decision but does not know what to do about it?.	labels:She could be (at least I hope she is) but if she is there's no sign of that.  She has never said or showed it.
text:Sometimes, unfortunately, you do just have to walk away from a mess if there's nothing you can do about it.	labels:I know.  I'm struggling with letting go of her.  It's like my brain is consumed with the thoughts.  I want to let her go.  I just love her so much.  I would of never married her if I wasn't in it till the end.
text:I hear you on that. Unfortunately some people do not take commitment as seriously as others. I have been in that position and had my heart broken..	labels:Yes I agree with that.  How did you get over it? I feel like she just turned her feelings for me off.  She blocked me on all social media and my number.  Then again I'm sure the potential drugs could help with her turning her feelings off.
text:Oh, I tracked him down and smashed his head in with an axe. Okay no I didn't really. I just told myself that I was better off without him and it was his loss. I am not sure I totally believed myself though.. (sorry I had a temporary internet connection problem there).	labels:I keep trying to tell myself that but I don't really believe it either. . It's ok. I think it just takes time.  I am talking to someone that understands and wants to pursue me.  But I can't let the wife go in my heart/head.
text:I would advise not to rush into anything else too quickly.. You need to give yourself time to grieve before you move on.	labels:This person is ready and this person knows all about how I feel about my wife.  I'm not going to rush into it but it is nice having someone that wants to be with you.
text:I hope that I have been able to be of some comfort to you!.	labels:Yes it's nice having someone to chat with.  Hope you have a nice evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I’m feeling really depressed lately.\nI'm sorry to hear this. Is there something specifically bothering you?	labels:I just feel like no one I work with really likes me or cares about me.
text:You don't think people like you or care about you at work? What specifically have they done to make you think this?	labels:I just feel like no one talks to me and if I try and talk to them they are very dismissive.
text:I can understand that might make you feel uncomfortable..	labels:I feel like I go out of my way to help people and I remember their birthdays and I try and be nice to them but no one ever does the same for me.
text:I have been in many work situations and even social situations where I did not feel as if I fit in, I'm rather an unusual person. I had to learn to not focus so much on BEING accepted. I had to learn what God think of me (he loves me) and try to be kind to all I meet, other centered. That is, I also had to make sure I wasn't being rude or mean.. I can understand how hurtful that is. Our society isn't as kind as it once was. I find very few people appreciate kindness. However, I can't get caught up in that, it's the way people are. It isn't a reflection of myself. I think it is the hardest thing to be more concerned with others than we are with ourselves, it can be lonely..	labels:I think from now on I’m just going to focus on myself and my family, I’m not gonna out of my way to be nice to my coworkers, I’m just going to treat them as coworkers not as friends and just keep to myself.
text:I think you can be kind to them, but I think perhaps your expectations are that they reciprocate, and they aren't which hurts. Perhaps be kind without expecting anything in return, and know that God sees your kindness.	labels:I always feel like you have to be a friend to have friends, but I’m tired of being the only one putting effort in and getting taken advantage of.
text:I also had this happen, I had no friends and at first I thought it was me, then I realized it was an opportunity for personal growth. Which wasn't easy.. How do you feel they take advantage? Being ignored is one thing, having someone take advantage of you is a different story..	labels:I just feel like they just expect me to do things for them now and when I do it, it’s no appreciated because they just know I will do it.
text:I understand. Yes, then they definitely are taking advantage. Have you read anything on setting boundaries and learning how to say no?.	labels:Yeah, I’m working on taking care of myself more than worrying about everyone else. I think the holidays make it even harder to set the boundaries.
text:I had learned once that it is so important to be able to easily say no because then we are free to say yes.  Because if we say yes because we CAN'T say no, then we feel resentful. So If I can freely say no to you, then i am free to say yes, if that makes sense.  Although for me, it was hard to say no, but it gets easier, now it is easy. It wasn't at first..	labels:Thank you! You have been very helpful. I think that will be my goal! Start learning to say no and don’t feel guilty about it. I think I am going to lower my expectations from other people and just start treating people as they treat me!
text:If I always say yes, because I can't say no, I feel obligated and resentful, when really, it's me with the problem, I had a hard time saying no because I didn't want to hurt people. Now, I  do the right thing in my heart, if I want to help, I help, if I want to say no, I say no even if it is hard, I don't care if they get upset. I can say no, that's true freedom. I don't advise treating people the way they treat you though. I would remain a kind person. Be the person you are no matter what type of person they are. You have to stand before God one day. If they are ugly, that's on them. But you want to be a kind person. That's the right thing, and you CAN be kind and say no. Those two are fine together! :D. I suggest a book called "Bounderies" one of the authors is Townsend -- great book.	labels:I think I just need to learn a new approach to how I handle my dealings with other people..
text:Might be on youtube too. Good stuff on how to say no and set boundaries! :D. I think you have identified your problem and looked at it and you seem intelligent and caring! I'm sure you will be able to figure this out. You seem like a  nice person to me, and I just met you. You seem emotionally mature, able to discuss your problems and think about it in a mature way.. A lot of people will just blame others and not change. We can't change others, we can only change ourselves. That's the hard part but recognizing we can change and must is so important!	labels:Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is life treating you at the moment?.	labels:Not too bad outside of work.  I'm miserable there. .
text:So you are experiencing problems at work? Please tell me about it, I am happy to listen..	labels:Things have changed and my new supervisor has crushed my spirit by taking all the parts I love away.  She never liked me and now she gets to make me suffer.
text:I am very sorry to hear that - trouble with workmates, especially those who are in a higher position, can make things very miserable can't they?.	labels:They really can.  I used to love my job and my team.  Now she has made everyone miserable because she just doesn't care about learning the job or the job at all.  My morale is low and worse because I can't help my peers who are struggling as well. .
text:Have you considered going over her head and putting in a complaint? Especially if she is making everyone else miserable as well. Someone more senior might be able to do something..	labels:I have considered this many times.  Unfortunately, the next level manager doesn't respect or value my team in general.  She has made that clear.  She's also just awful and uncomfortable to talk to.  I've found her to just be mean sometimes.  It just feels so hopeless.  Just waiting for someone to notice.  Just hoping she fails.. It's just really hard to show up everyday.  But I do.  Although the days are long and exhausting with no motivation to perform. .
text:Please try to stay positive - bullies never prosper in the long term. I think that you need to talk to your co-workers about this and see if you can come to some sort of arrangement between you. Alternatively, have you ever considered seeking another job? I know that that might feel like selling out but you might be happier somewhere else.	labels:You are right.  She is a bully.  I have called her several names to myself, but not a bully yet.  My coworkers and I have discussed what options we may have.  My suggestion was that we work at our normal pace rather than scrambling to make up for her failures.  I wouldn't want to set her up, but I think her failing is the only way we will ever see a solution.. I have applied for another job within my company.  There seems to be interest in me, so that's exciting.  It is a job I really want.  But then, of course, I feel bad about leaving my peers behind.  I really care about them. .
text:I feel that that is fair enough. You should not be working to make up for her failures and I hear you saying that you feel that this is w hat is happening?.	labels:Definitely. Everyone is struggling.  I am the one my team expects to help with some of the tasks she is not performing.  I'm happy to do it for my team, but there is no recognition.  But I think I have been giving them good advice about hanging in there, staying positive, etc...  I should probably listen to myself.
text:(sorry was afk give me a second to catch up :)). I really feel that you have grounds for a formal complaint. Just her being incapable is bad enough but bullying too is unacceptable.	labels:You may be right.  My company has an anonymous reporting system.  I should learn a little more about how that works and see if that's an option.  I'm not sure things could get much worse at this point.  This could be my last ditch effort. . That's good advice and you saying it directly to me makes me think I should lean into it.  I can't just spin my wheels in misery much longer. .
text:Anonymous reporting sounds like a good thing, as long as it's not being abused. This sounds like a very good time to use it though. I hope I have been able to give you some good advice here!.	labels:Most definitely. I feel more confident now about the anonymous reporting.  I'll gather some notes from my peers to ensure I have a viable complaint.  That's so helpful.  Thank you..	episode_done:True
text:Good evening. What would you like to talk about?.	labels:evening.
text:How are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:i lost those books, I cannot even explain, how it happen.
text:So you have lost some books? Were they important to you?.	labels:I price one of the books, Amazon said 1000. yes.
text:So you have lost a book that is worth a thousand dollars? I can imagine you are feeling really bad about that.	labels:where will I get almost 3 thousand dollars. It is too painful.
text:I do not know .. have you considered taking an extra job on the side?.	labels:yes, i do.
text:Have you tried to get help with finding the books? Someone could have handed them in..	labels:school, should just give me enough time to find the books.
text:Do you have any idea of where you lost them?.	labels:allow me to clear myself later, it is a fucking thing.
text:I am sorry, I do not understand what you mean.	labels:I am trying to find that out,  I packed them inside one bag , may be someone carried the bag or I misplace them.
text:Try not to worry, it is entirely possible that someone has found them and handed them in to the authorities. You might still get them back!.	labels:i need enough time to look for the books, but school is not ready to listen to me.
text:That is really not fair of them. Is there a higher authority you can take your case to?.	labels:you are right.
text:They really should be doing more to help you. I know how frustrating it feels to lose something valuable.. I did lose a really expensive ring one time but I got it back a week later.	labels:yes , it is fuck giving me headache.
text:I can understand why it would be! Please try not to worry, all is not lost.	labels:I just need time, I will check the CCTV of my room, and check around.
text:That is a good idea. I hope that they have not been deliberately stolen..	labels:I guest so.
text:Well, I hope that I have been able to offer some useful suggestions. Do you feel a bit better about things now?.	labels:yes.
text:Thank you for talking and enjoy your day!.	labels:I appreciate.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nhi there, is there anything troubling you today?. I am happy to talk about anything you might have on your mind..	labels:I got a new job in California, and all my families, mother, father, siblings and friends are there in Washington.
text:Ouch that is a very long way. So you feel that you are going to be distanced from your loved ones and might lose touch with them?.	labels:i need to take care of my mother and monitor my young ones.
text:I know how it feels to move to another part of the country. I guess you are nervous about it and unsure if you're doing the right thing.	labels:yes, I  need to take care of them, although the job gets a big cash.
text:Would you consider relocating with you?. they consider, sorry..	labels:and how will I cope? I know nobody over there in California. NO.
text:It is a difficult time to be making new friends, with all the social distancing policies in place.	labels:IT IS ONLY MY WIFE AND CHILDREN THAT WILL FOLLOW ME. DEFINITELY.
text:How often would you be able to visit your parents and siblings?.	labels:I do do that often.
text:I think that they will still know that you love and care for them no matter how far away you are.	labels:but they will definitely need me.
text:Are there any comparably paid jobs that you could take that do not involve moving?.	labels:no for now.
text:I do understand that the job market is really difficult right now. Would your siblings not be able to take care of your parents though?.	labels:I am not sure of that men.
text:Do you feel that they are not committed enough to your parents?.	labels:like, I am seriously worried. yes.
text:It is very difficult to know what to say. It is a big worry and I wonder if you can be happy in your new environment if you can't be sure that what you've left behind is okay. Is it possible that you are worrying unnecessarily though?.	labels:no. only worried most about my mother, she will not leave dad.
text:Have you considered looking into other forms of help that your parents could have when you are not there? There are organisations that could check in on them.	labels:she feels more happy while seeing me.
text:I am sure that she'd not want you to sacrifice your happiness and financial security though.	labels:ok.
text:It is good that you love your mum so much and are worried about her happiness..	labels:let what organization can do that?
text:I am not sure to be honest. You could try contacting your local Citizen's Advice Bureau?.	labels:okay, I will do that right now, I will be happy if I can see such.
text:I hope that I have been able to be of some help to you. You need to press quit now ... I can't do it from this end : )	labels:yes. thanks a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how may I help you today?	labels:I am worried my child is falling behind in school.
text:what makes you worried?	labels:His scores are not in line with where he should be.
text:what grade is he in?	labels:He is in 4th grade.
text:How is his report card looking?	labels:Ok. Average to below average. He has a good heart but he just doesn't like school.
text:I can understand that. I hated school to. Have you tried talking to his teacher?	labels:I worry that he is falling behind. I think he will be ok but I also worry about him. We have talked about a month ago. His current teacher is out with a medical condition so with remote learning and and her being out, it has been tough.
text:I know how you feel of course you going to worry because that is your child and you want him to do his best in school.	labels:Yeah. Do you have children? Have you gone through this in the past?
text:Have you recommended getting a tutor for him? No i have no children but i can understand where you coming from.	labels:We have gotten him tutors in the past and it helps. I am not sure I could do a tutor with COVID-19.
text:you are right. Have you tried helping him with his work? Has he showed you his trouble areas?	labels:I have. He has been ok with it but he gets frustrated when he gets pushed. I am trying to figure out where that line is and not upset him. Yes, we get progress reports and the areas he needs help in.
text:i understand. have you had a talk with him about his progress in school and tell explain to him why school is important.	labels:I have talked with him. I think I just need to be more firm with him. I just don't want the fights!
text:yes being firm with a child will sometimes help them understand.	labels:He can have huge blow ups. I guess I just need to put on my big boy pants and deal with it.
text:also i remember when i was in school my parents did this thing to where they would reward me with a toy or going to my favorite place if i got good grades and that actually worked for me it made me want to do my work and get good grades. sometimes something like that will help with children and sometimes it wont.	labels:Ha! I just bribed him yesterday with a video game if he aces his upcoming tests. Thanks for your help!
text:you should see how that goes and take it from there.	labels:I will, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:Hi, how are you?
text:I'm good, How are you?	labels:With COVID-19, I am worried I am not getitng to see my friends enough.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Is that causing stress for you?	labels:A little. I'm pretty introverted so I didn't think it was bothering me but I am starting to get impatient and short with my family. It also might be remote learning and that stress.
text:Times are very tough right now. It's pretty crazy how covid has impacted everything.. Do you interact with your friends at all now?.	labels:I do a little bit. Mostly by text and we zoom about once a week. How do you handle this?
text:I've been struggling too, not being able to see my friends. I've been forcing myself to text them more or do phone calls or meet in person.. I spend so much time on my computer with work now that I try to avoid video calls.. have you met them in person since covid started?.	labels:That's what I have been doing too. I tried to get together with my friends but we have little kids and that is tough. We don't want to get sick. I worry that we are drifting apart too. We have a few times, outside and socially distanced. It has been nice but I want more time with them.
text:That makes it hard. Have you talked to your friends about how they are feeling? Is there maybe some compromises you can make to see them more but keep distancing?	labels:I haven't talked with them. They are busy and we haven't talked in a while. I need to call them.
text:You should give them a call. Just out of the blue, nothing commuting. Just a casual chat and see if they want to do something. If finding something to do doesn't work out during the call, at least you contacted them and maybe will feel a bit better because you talked to them..	labels:That sounds like a good plan. I will call someone tonight.
text:It doesn't have to be much but even just a little conversation can go a long way.	labels:Thanks for your help. I appreciate you.
text:No problem. I hope you feel better..	labels:I do, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about today?.	labels:Hi, yes. I am having a really hard time and feeling depressed.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Would you like to tell me what the problem is?.	labels:I feel like I am very isolated. I can not leave my house because I am at high risk of getting Covid. So I feel so alone and kind of helpless since all this has started.
text:I can understand how that feels - I have not been able to go out for weeks either. Are you able to have visitors?.	labels:I am not allowed to be around anyone. I know its for my own health but that doesn't help when I am so lonely. It seems like I can not contribute to anyone or lend a hand to people. I am just stuck at home with a feeling of doom.
text:That is very rough. Have you considered joining internet communities so you can at least talk with people who are in the same situation?.	labels:I do not really know how to do that but it seems like a really good idea that I have never thought of before. Do you think it would help my mood?
text:I think it really could, yes. Isolation is a very difficult thing to deal with. Just knowing someone else understood could really help..	labels:I like that idea. I hate feeling like I am a debbie downer type. I do not want to tell anyone how I feel. I am trapped in a few ways.
text:There is absolutely no problem with feeling bad and confiding in people. Many people are feeling the same right now..	labels:Sometimes I feel like i am the only one. I have a good life and have my health so I feel guilty for complaining about being sad. I have not been able to eat or clean my house. I just lay around with no energy.
text:So you feel as though life is just passing you by and you are not accomplishing anything during the lockdown?.	labels:Yes, exactly. That is precisely how I feel! It seems like I am in a movie with a sad ending and it just keeps repeating over and over.
text:Try to focus on the fact that it will be a new year soon - it surely can't (fingers crossed!) be worse than this one.	labels:I like your ideas and want to start using them right away. I want to reach out online and find a group to join.
text:Facebook is a great online site and there are lots of groups there for all interests.	labels:That is a really valid point and helping me see the bigger picture in life. I need to know it will not always be this way.
text:Please trust me that it will not. Time goes really slowly during a crisis, it seems.	labels:Thank you for your time and help today. I have not felt this good in a long time. I feel very understood and validated.
text:It feels great to be able to help people. I really wish you all the best in the coming weeks and months. Enjoy the rest of you day!.	labels:Thank you very much! I will go on to Facebook now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nI good, how are you feeling?	labels:I am worried that COVID-19 has made me depressed. I am usually a well mannered, even personality but I find myself impatient and possibly getting depressed.
text:So you think that COVID-19 has made you depressed? Could there be anything else that could be bothering you?	labels:Possibly... I think the remote learning of my kids and the iability to leave the house or go out, is making me sadder than normal.
text:I completely understand where you are coming from there. I feel like remote learning takes away from some of the social aspects of life that need to happen in order for a healthy life.	labels:I am also worried that I am not playing the political game well. I feel like I am too straight forward, not rude, but I should play politics more to get ahead.
text:I understand that as well. It seems that no matter how politically involved we are, things are always changing. Change is a good thing though as it makes us stronger as people. Do you have any hobbies/interests?	labels:I agree. As I deal with more and more power, there seems to be more politics. Yes, I like to watch movies and workout. THat's about it. with a wife and 2 kids, I don't have more time.
text:Sometimes some of the best things we can do is t get out and away from all the things that WE as people have created. Get into the woods and throw a ball around.	labels:That would be nice. Is that what you do when you are stressed or depressed?
text:I understand, especially having the remote learning going on, it is hard to get away from work and school.	labels:Yeah. How do you cope with your stresses? I find myself drinking more than I want now too.
text:I try to, I love packing a day back with some easy snacks, and going out for a hike through the woods. Sometimes I use the state trails but sometimes I just go out and make my own new trail..	labels:That's fun. I try to get out once a month for a nice hike. We did the Indiana Dunes last month and that was good. With the snow coming, it might be more snow shoeing moving forward.
text:Well, drinking doesn't really deal with it. It only pushes things off for later to deal with. Exercising is a really good way to deal with that stress.	labels:Yeah. I have not missed a workout since COVID-19 started. That seems to keep me grounded.
text:That's true! I used to live in Ohio, and the weather was amazing this time of year..	labels:Yeah. In chicago, we have a lot of snow but also some good state trails. It's been helpful, especially when this first started. I live across the street from a forest preserve, which was a life saver.
text:Are you able to do more workouts? Sometimes I have found that running (which I hate doing) makes me feel so much better in times of high stress. Running also releases endorphins into the body which will help to alleviate some of the drinking/stress.	labels:I am trying to do more. I work out daily and that isgood but I am trying yoga for the second workout. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:I'm feeling pretty awful... I've been down and depressed for months now. It's hard to get through the days.
text:I understand. Is this related to the pandemic or is it something separate? I am sure that the pandemic has not helped, though!.	labels:It's definitely related! I lost my dream job, went to a lower paying one, and I gained a lot of weight while working from home.
text:Oh I can certainly relate to that one! I've gained a stone and a half in the last year. All this sitting around is not good for us!.	labels:It's definitely nice to know that other people are having similar emotions as me.
text:Sometimes just having someone to talk to who knows how you are feeling can be really helpful I think..	labels:It's sad that this year has been so awful. It's hard to convince myself that it's getting better any time soon..
text:Can you make a list of all the  things that you hope will be better next year so you can tick them off one by one?.	labels:1. Better job 2. Healthier habits 3. Better financial situation.
text:Well, the first and third one are out of your control really but you could make a start on the first one today if you liked :).	labels:It's hard to take the first steps. I don't even know where to begin, sadly.
text:I can understand that. Perhaps you could join an exercise class or similar?.	labels:That's a pretty good idea. Have you ever done something like that?
text:I took an aerobics class once. It was quite fun and it was good exercise..	labels:That does sound like fun. Do you have any other suggestions?
text:Well, it's maybe not the best time to be taking on a financial commitment but have you ever considered adopting a dog? Good company and good exercise.	labels:Actually, I have a cat!
text:Ah I have two - they are wonderful company. Alas you can't really walk with them though :).	labels:They are great company. Sometimes when I am really feeling down, I remember that my cat needs me, so I need to stay strong.
text:Pets are great like that. Do you perhaps have a neighbour whose dog you could walk if you can't get one of your own?.	labels:That's a great idea. I just moved into a new apartment complex a couple weeks ago. Maybe I can get to know my neighbors. A lot of them have dogs.
text:It's a great way to make new friends too! Would you consider doing some voluntary work whilst you are out of work?.	labels:That's also a good idea. I know a lot of food banks around me are in need of volunteers.
text:I think it would be a really worthwhile thing to do and you would get to meet new people too. I hope I have been able to help you a little!.	labels:I agree. I feel like I have a bunch of new ideas to start feeling better. I appreciate you talking to me..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?	labels:I'm fine oo. and you.
text:I'm doing well. Do you have anything you'd like to talk about?	labels:All my families are in Washington, my father, mother, siblings and friends, now I got a new job in California that I need to go with my wife and children. but I will seriously miss my mother with my friends. or should i not take the job?
text:Will this new job benefit you and your family more than the job you currently have?	labels:The job entails good cash, but I am anxious and worrileaving my family over here, who will i go out with, when will I see my mother that I usually see seldom, what of my young ones that I need to monitor. yes of course.
text:I understand that changes like that can cause some anxious feelings..	labels:all my families are in Washington, my mother, father, friends and siblings. I do see my mother everyday and monitor my young ones.
text:Are you able to keep in contact with them through video calls if you move away?	labels:I have nobody  there, although the job entails big cash . Or I should forgo the job.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:Quite bad. I tried to send some job applications but there are still no reply.
text:I hear you. It's been a terrible year all round for job seekers, given the global situation at the moment. I have been there myself..	labels:Can you give me some advice on how to cope with this?  I honestly don't know what to do.
text:Well, firstly I think you need to accept that this is not your fault and that at the moment the world situation is beyond your control..	labels:I understand, but still, emotionally it is hard to cope.
text:Are you able to cope financially whilst you are out of work?. Perhaps you could  take on some gig work just to earn a little extra spare cash?.	labels:Not really, my savings are running out. I am doing some part-time freelance work but it won't pay all the bills. Do you have any suggestions?
text:I understand. I have been in the same situation and I know how frightening it is. Have you though of consulting agencies such as food banks that can help you temporarily?.	labels:I haven't been to food banks yet. I can still deal with food on the table for now, but a couple more months without job then I might have to.
text:So you feel that you can at least manage for a few more weeks?.	labels:Financially yes. It is just that my emotion is getting worse and worse. Stress I guess.
text:I think it might be a good idea for you to consult your doctor? It sounds as though you might be suffering from depression..	labels:I don't know. Psychologist appointments are very expensive in my country. And without a job I do not have any insurance.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I have had therapy but it is free in my country. Are there any charities that might offer a limited amount of counselling time?.	labels:I have not heard of charities that does that. If I am suicidal, may be, but I guess they are not dealing with stress from normal job seekers...
text:Would you be prepared to take on a job that is outside of  your normal field and income bracket, just temporarily?.	labels:I would. I work as an IT consultant before, but I would take any job for now.
text:I know that it is very difficult with so many businesses being forced to close. Would you be prepared to do delivery work, perhaps?.	labels:Do you mean like food delivery?  like UberEats?
text:Yes. Or most restaurants are offering take out services at the moment so there will be delivery services out there.	labels:I guess I could try that, not sure it pays well enough. But thank you for your help.
text:You are most welcome. I hope that things will pick up come the new year and you can get back to your regular profession! Just try to think of this as a stop gap.	labels:I hope so as well.  Thank you a lot for advice, I feel better just talking about it.
text:I am glad to have been of help .. enjoy the rest of your day!.	labels:You too, hope you have a good day.
text:You have to end it from your end .. I can't :).	labels:I see, alright, see you then!	episode_done:True
text:I am having a really hard time in my life right now and need support.\nI'm so sorry to hear that. What is going on in your life?	labels:I have been in a long term relationship and I found out that he was cheating on me. I have been so distraught and I broke up with him.
text:I see. That is certainly difficult. How often do you feel sad or blue over this situation?	labels:Yes, feel sad and I cry or want to cry all the time. I feel like I should not have broken it off with him but I also can not be with someone that I do not trust. He has always been so good to me and so I was totally blind sided.
text:I think it is great that you stood up for yourself and broke up with him. That is something to be proud of..	labels:I did not think of it like that. I did not know that I had anything to be proud of but I can sort of see what you mean. I wanted to get married to him but he never asked and we have been together for 5 years.
text:I am so sorry... Do you think a few years from now, after the pain of this situation has gotten easier to handle, you'll be happy with your decision to end the relationship? I know it can be hard to think so far in the future..	labels:That is a good point because I have no been able to think about the future at all. I am thinking about what I could have had with him like children. I have wasted so much time and I really want kids.
text:Maybe something you can do is think about all this time in a more positive light. Instead of saying you wasted time, maybe you can think to yourself, "I am so glad that relationship taught me about myself and my standards." Does that sound good?	labels:I also know that he never wanted kids so I have learned a lot about myself and what I want in life. I can think of myself and what my standards are. I have to be respected by the man i am with. I also need to feel appreciated and valued by the person that I am committed to.. You are really making me consider the bigger picture today.
text:That's such a great approach. Do you have hobbies and interests outside of your relationship that brought you joy? Maybe running, painting, or watching movies? I am so happy to hear that..	labels:Yes, I love boating and have not been able to go enough because I was always wrapped up in drama with him. I also love painting and drawing. I have not thought of those hobbies in many years until right now.
text:Maybe you can take a day soon and go on a "date" with yourself. You can go out on the boat and have a fantastic, drama-free time. Does that sound like something you're interested in?	labels:Thank you for all of your help today and nice encouraging words.
text:You are so welcome. I am glad to help you..	labels:Yes, that sounds like a positive way to enjoy my time.. I will take your ideas and apply them to my life.
text:I think you're going to feel a lot better soon! I'm very happy for your future..	labels:Thank you and hope to talk again very soon.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:Hi, I am not feeling so well today.
text:I am so sorry your not feeling well. It's been cold and dreary here always makes me feel run down. It's been cold and dreary here always makes me feel run down.	labels:What do you do when you are feeling down? What do you think I should do to feel better about my current situation? I feel stuck.
text:Oh I know that feeling it can be rough I have felt that way lately. What in your life has you feeling stuck?	labels:Job stuff and the pandemic. Worried about the future a bit.
text:I think we all can feel that right now and can be hard. What about your job has you worried?	labels:Reduction in hours and less pay.
text:I been there recently myself the entire workforce as we know it is changing. Have you thought of looking for other employment?	labels:It is nice to know that I am not the only one. I have but I am not sure where to start,. or if i am qualified.
text:Have you thought of working from home alot of companies are starting to hire remote workers. There are several reputable sites that offer MOOCS it is a type of certification you can get in different fields some you can learn for free and only have to buy a certificate if you really need it.	labels:Oh wow! That is awesome. I should definitely look into certifications for different fields. I appreciate that. I have so much student loan debt im nervous to take on more loans for extra courses.
text:I would definitely look into it. I know the pandemic is a very stressful time for everyone but we need to do our best to make our lives better and not let it break us.	labels:You are right. I cant give up. I will definitely look into certifications and try not to get down.
text:There you go!	labels:I know there are more people out there right there struggling due to the pandemic. I am still nervous about the loans.
text:So true and even I get worried but I have to just keep calm and remind myself things like this have happened before and will again. have you looked into deferment?	labels:That is a great suggestion.
text:I'm glad.	labels:Youre right, I should keep researching and educating myself.
text:Exactly you got this never know you may come out with a whole new career!	labels:Thank you so much :)!
text:Your so welcome was there anything else I could help you with today.	labels:I think I am okay! Thank you again for all of your help.
text:Your so welcome and have a great day and stay safe!	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:hi im sad.\nAnything particular got you down? Hello.	labels:just life, bad year.
text:Yea bad year for everyone. The virus has really stopped us. Are you working or on layoff.	labels:yes it has, the political turmoil in the United States is very scary as well. I am self employed. but not working alot.
text:That is an understatement with the politics. What do you do.	labels:I am a writer.
text:I Freelance my self. Do you work for anyone or just in general.	labels:mostly sights that talk about movies. there are a few i submit to.
text:Good. I write on a forum called Medium. I write and can get paid also.	labels:oh yes i know that one.
text:There are various topics you can write about. Just write and post. Are you a copywriter.	labels:that is cool. a good way to discover other writers as well. I wish, that would be good money. i'm horrible at doing things for others, I need people to pay me to do my thing.
text:I read different postings and have over 30 followers.	labels:awesome, good for you.
text:But if you write on Medium you can earn money.	labels:oh i didnt know that. thats cools. i should check it out.
text:I ask that about copywriting because I am on LinkedIn.	labels:oh, i dont use it much.
text:There is also proofreading that can help establish yourself.	labels:on linkedin? really? are you a machine?
text:I use Medium and now I also have another account with them called Patreon.	labels:yes i know of patreon.
text:Nope i am a born again Christian.	labels:lol amazing.
text:are you a machine.	labels:actually I am, at least a little bit. I have a pacemaker.
text:I enjoy writing and speaking my mind.	labels:same.
text:But you are still alive..	labels:as far as I know.
text:Medium only cost 5 a month and you can make money writing about what you  have experienced.	labels:neat, I've experienced a lot in my life.
text:There is actually 4 or 5 different marketing brands with Medium. What is your main thing to write about besides movies.	labels:I write short stories a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. how are you?\nHello good how are you.	labels:I'm okay. I'm a little bummed.
text:I'm sorry your bummed what's wrong?	labels:My employer has cut my pay for the year due to covid, but it's really starting to wear on me now.
text:I'm sorry to hear that this year seems to be rough when it comes to jobs.	labels:I'm high enough in the company to know how our business is doing and we are actually on pace to do better this year than last year.
text:I lost my job after 5 years due to COVID.	labels:I'm sorry, that's horrible..
text:Seriously? Have you tried discussing the issue with anyone at work? Thank you it's okay I decided to use this time to get out of my comfort zone and explore new options.	labels:my company is only 13 people. I've talked to one coworker about it but he also quit recently. The president of our company knows that we are doing better than last year so I'm not sure why we are cutting pay. He released a company email saying that our business was down and that he needed to cut salries to save the business. but like I said, I see the numbers and we are doing better. We are also on pace to do better next year too. We have higher customer bookings than we had this year. I've started looking but it's hard because it seems like there isn't much open.
text:Is taking some online courses to up your skills make you more of an asset a possibility? Maybe that could help raise it back up?	labels:It might be, that's a good idea.
text:I to be honest started looking in to Remote work and found there there is alot more options now.	labels:Thats a really good idea, what kid of work did you do if you don't mind me asking? and are you finding anything similar for remote work?
text:i have a degree in business so i have been looking more in anything computer related or business you of course have to be careful stick to companies you know or reputable job sites and of course if they want money it's not something you want to get into. But I do alot of call center type stuff or data entry. Coding is real big right now and there are alot of online courses you can take for free. it's really just up to you what do you like to do or what would you like to do. Right now the possibilities are endless.	labels:That's a good idea, I'll look into coding. I've been thinking about changing careers for a long time and maybe this is the catalyst I need..
text:Exactly as i always say if the door closes try the window lol.	labels:Ha! that's a great line. I'm gonna use that. I appreciate your help with this.
text:You just have to remember we can either be strong and come out on top of this or well... We want a positive solution :) Anytime! Was there anything else i could help you with today?	labels:I agree, I want to come out even better. I don't want to just survive it. I appreciate it, I think that's all I need..	episode_done:True
text:hello how re you today?	labels:Doing Ok And yourself.
text:good! How can i help you?	labels:I am struggling so bad finding a job because I am scared of Covid 19.
text:I understand. Covid 19 has complicated things. What kind of job are you interested in?	labels:The food and beverage industry is where I have skills , but anywhere that I could just make money . I have never been this broke and poor in my life .
text:I understand. Covid has made things super tight. What scares you about the virus?	labels:I live with my grandmother and my mom who are both elderly or have underlying health conditions.
text:I understand. You are scared to put them in danger, correct?	labels:Yes , I also dont want them to have to support me and my family either .
text:with keeping your family in mind while trying to find a job have you considered looking for an online job? Just from chatting with you I can tell how much it stresses you out.	labels:I have tried but it seems I am way out my league due to me working in Bars, cafes, and restaurants my entire life .
text:I understand I felt that way when trying to find new opportunities for myself. I kept looking and tried to apply the skills I learned to fit into the new requirements. Maybe a call representative. i assume from previous experience you have excellent customer service skills.	labels:Yes I actually do , I also have pretty good typing skills as well.
text:From that answer i believe that job could be a good fit!	labels:Sure coud be . How did you know you could work online for as living. Is this a field you always worked in.
text:With Covid I also lost my job. I looked online and it is currently a field I am pursuing. I don't do call center work but i do social media marketing all from the comfort of my home.	labels:Oh wow then maybe I could really pull this off , I dont know how I would manage do call center while my daughter is in Virtual.
text:Do you have a quiet room and your own personal laptop? some places provide laptops. If so that is all you will need and most do online training.	labels:Oh wow that is really good to know . I have a laptop and also I could make me a very quite place in my home.
text:Yes I am glad to help!	labels:I hope I really do find some online work so I could start making money  soon.
text:I hope so to! with your skills you definitely should be able to!	labels:Thank you soo much.
text:You're welcome! I hope you have a good day.	labels:Thank you and you have a great day as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.	labels:Hi.
text:How are things going?	labels:Not good. I'm depressed.
text:Is there anything in particular that has been bothering you recently?	labels:I don't have enough money to buy my 5 kids X-mas gifts. Hello? Are you still here?
text:I'm really sorry to hear that, but I'm sure your love for your kids can still shine through.	labels:I do love my kids, but they are expecting some toys and stuff from Santa.
text:Would it be possible to look at some more home made stuff for this year that will still be fun and meaningful?	labels:I cannot craft. If I made them something it would be so bad.
text:I know it can be really hard to feel like you can't make anything worthwhile, but I'm sure theres something you could come up with that could still put a smile on your kids faces.	labels:Do you have any craft ideas?
text:Maybe you could look at involving your kids in the process. The feeling of doing something together as a family can make it way more fun. It could be a shared experience your family can look back on fondly later on.	labels:That's a good idea. I would like to have it done before christmas. How about some wooden toys or a cardboard box fort?
text:I have seen some people make small ornaments filled with candies and treats and other small goodies. So even if all of the gifts feel small, they can feel like they are getting a lot of them. And you could even get them to have fun decorating and painting the ornaments! Yeah, a box fort is really fun!	labels:I never that about filling an ornament with small stuff. That's a great idea.
text:When I was a kid, I loved making box forts, and its a great way to reuse stuff you might already have around the house. The fun pretend games you can play were a blast. I'm sure your kids might love it too!	labels:I could paint and decorate it. My daughters would like that. I can make it look like a castle.
text:It can feel tough when it feels like you can't provide all the big gifts that you feel your kids deserve. But you clearly care and love your kids, and want to do something for them.	labels:I do. this has been very helpful. It's not all hopeless.
text:Last Christmas when I gave gifts to my family, one of them later told me that the gift they loved the most was the box of Christmas cookies that they were able to enjoy over the course of the week afterwards, and not the keyboard I had gotten them. Sometimes it doesn't take something expensive to be meaningful and make someone happy.	labels:That sounds wonderful. I'm getting to work on my projects. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I am so stressed.\nHi, what's going on?	labels:I have a college course in the evening, but I cannot concentrate while distance learning. I am expected to watch the instructor do excel on a tiny phone screen and follow along.
text:Oooff that sounds brutal... especially the excel part! do you have a bigger screen you can use?	labels:It is stressful. I am able to pull up zoom on my laptop, but it is almost more cumbersome because I must switch back and forth. I have to also manipulate an excel as well as watch the instructor. My colleagues in the class are annoying, because they do not know how to use mute correctly.
text:Do you have access to a second screen or have the ability to stream the class on your tv through chromecast or something?.	labels:I don't have a second screen, but I do have a large TV. I may be able to hook it up via HDMI.
text:The mute thing is horrible. I have no ideas for that. hahah. I'm looking for help with that too! Yeah try the HDMI hook up you can sometimes find cheap attachements on amazon if you don't have the right connections..	labels:Sometimes I get really anxious. My ears will be pounding and I feel like I can't hear anything. It is worse when using in ears, because it's like all I can hear is my heartbeat.
text:yeah if you stream it on your tv, you won't have to wear headphones... that way you can control the volume better too..	labels:That sounds like a great idea. Have you had any weird technological solutions to help you through distance learning?
text:I'm not really doing any distance learning right now. Just working  from home and coincidentally most of my work uses excel. I have constant virtual meetings where I have to show people things via excel. It's pretty tough but I found if I use multiple monitors it makes things easier..	labels:I have considered making impulse buys to help with some things. Do you know about portable second monitor screens for laptops? It seems almost like a thin tablet that you plug in to your laptop. I like the idea.
text:my second monitor is not portable. I don't know if that would work for me because I work better in one designated spot. So I have 3 monitors on my desk (2 separate monitors and my laptop screen). however something like That would definitely be something I'd look into if I was in school or taking classes.	labels:I enjoy portability and minimalism to a fault sometimes. I enjoy being able to work from anywhere. Do you live in an apartment or home?
text:I think that's a good call! Do you think you can find a deal somewhere on it?.	labels:I live in an apartment, I hope to find a good deal on Amazon. Amazon seems like a necessary evil.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you? Anyone there?	labels:Hi how are you?
text:Hi! so nice to chat with you today.	labels:I am haing a difficult time with COVID-19. I want to go out but can't. And I'm an introvert.
text:I totally understand, I also identify myself as an Introvert. Never thought that in my lifespan I would want to go out and be around other people. what have you done so far to alleviate the lonely feelings?	labels:I have zoomed with people but that is not great. Have you done anything to help?
text:I have also done that as well, though I do miss the human to human connection. I have learn how to knit, hot make bread ( yes! bread lol), and got out of my comfort zone and watched different genres of movies along with books. I am a creature of habit with set routine, I really tried to get out of my bubble as much as I can. Keeping my mind busy makes the days go by faster. have you tried to do something new and challenging? how to make**	labels:I saw that bread trend earlier in the pandemic. How did you do? I am thinking about going to the park...
text:well I can tell you, the first 3 times I tried to make 'regular bread' it was a disaster. my bread came out hard as a rock. I kept working at it. You are truly involved when making bread. Cool! I did not know it was a trend? look at me I am a trendsetter, lol. YES! I recommend that wholeheartedly, Ive walked and done more sight seeing during this pandemic than my entire life. Do you have scenic place to go? Do you like to read?	labels:I do not have a scenic place but have some nice trails. I do read. I am reading bob iger's new autobiography.
text:Trails, offer an experience of letting go, I believe, you become immerse in nature. I would definitely explore all trails.  I did not know Iger had a book out. That sounds really interesting, I would actually love to read it, is it dull? or engaging? I do remember the headlines, he forgo his salary despite the risk of Disney losing billions in revenue, that takes guts. Do you have a pet?.	labels:His book is good. Do you enjoy reading to help relax?
text:I need to pick it up and dive into it. I love reading, I always tend to have a book in my hands. Yes, reading has served to not only help me relax but to teach me how to do other things, like baking. what is your favorite book?	labels:I love the Harry Potter book series. I picked up Sorcerer's Stone when I was 21 or 22 and it provided me with some alternative to the normal drinking and late nights I had grown accustom to. Helped me apprecate books more too!
text:Harry potter are THE books to dive into and just immerse yourself in. I would Highly recommend The Hobbit books, I was a bit hesitant about, but dare I say I like them more than Harry Potter? If you want something more adult and edgy go with Game of Thrones. I get it, I think this pandemic is a period to learn about ourselves and truly pick ourselves apart and see what we have missing out on..	labels:I have heard good things about Tolkin's books but have not gotten into them yet. I do like the movies though!
text:Sounds to me you have been handling the pandemic a lot more better than what you actually think. I have been wanting to check out Lord of the rings, but I feel I wont like, either way, I am hoping to check them out and really see if I dont like. I love movies as well, what is your favorite genre and movie?	labels:I like movies. I usually like spy thrillers or at least have recently. What's yours?
text:You know what would be really cool to do, to join virtual admission to museums around the world. such a neat option that we now.	labels:I did a bunch of those at the start of the pandemic. I like the Louvre...	episode_done:True
text:hello, how may i help you today?	labels:Hi, how are you?
text:i am good how are you?	labels:I feel like one of my employees is gossiping and seeking attention of my bosses.
text:why do you feel like that?	labels:I am not sure. She is telling me things that by supervisor should tell me. She is saying "He told me this...".
text:have you asked your supervisor about it?	labels:Not yet. It just started last week. I am thinking about asking this week. He usually calls me.
text:i can understand how you are feeling i have been through some situations like that before.	labels:Thanks. Have you tried anything that has been helpful?
text:what i did is just talk to the person about the situation and let them know how i was feeling.	labels:Should I talk with my employee first or my boss?
text:i would talk to your boss first that would be best. let him know everything you are feeling. just don't worry to much about the situation and don't let it stress you out everything will be okay.	labels:That sounds like a good plan. I am only stressed because it is hurtful and my employee likes to beb the center of attention.
text:I understand what you mean about that just do not worry about people like that your main focus is doing your job. people are going to talk but you have to just ignore them and move on do not worry about what people say or think about you.	labels:Yeah. I am trying to detach from it but my ego is getting hurt, which usually doesn't happen.
text:you will be okay no matter what.	labels:That means a lot. That was a nice thing to say!
text:the only way the situation will be solved is by communicating and expressing your feelings.	labels:I will do that the next time I speak with my supervisor. Thanks for the guidance.	episode_done:True
text:Hey!	labels:Hello. How are you?
text:I'm doing well. How are you?	labels:I am having a difficult time not being able to go out. I am an introvert and didn't think COVID-19 would be a problem but I find myself being short and impatient.
text:Yeah i'm in the same boat. It's tough having to be cooped up.	labels:How have you coped with it?
text:Are you working from home?	labels:Yes but I go in 1-2 days per week. It is in a building where I am by myself so that is not great.
text:I've been having a hard time too and I've absolutely noticed that I've become short and impatient with people lately. I have been trying to be mindful but it's hard. I find going for walks and getting slight exercise helps.. I'm also pretty introverted and at first i enjoyed the shutdowns but as time drags on it's gotten difficult. Have you found ways to be physically active?	labels:I work out all the time and that does help. I would like to just go out and have a drink at a bar but were shut down. Yes, I work out everyday. I will run for an hour later followed by 100 push ups and situps.
text:Does that help at all?	labels:A little. But I have always done that so I feel like that is just normal. It used to be done at a gym but that is not safe now.
text:So it sounds like you are missing a lot of the social aspects of day to day stuff?	labels:Yes. Mostly my friends. Who I didnt see a ton anyways.
text:I've definitely noticed that for myself, even though I normally prefer my space and solitude. Have you tried calling, texting, or even video chatting with them?	labels:I zoom with them every few weeks. have you tried anything that helps?
text:I seem to feel better after communicating with friends but I also get a little overwhelmed with video chats. I feel like Im always on my computer now so I'm working at trying to actively seeing my friends even if it means distancing or whatever. Do you have a park or a hiking trail or something that you could meet them at? That way you stay outside and can distance as necessary.	labels:That makes sense. I feel I am on my computer a lot now too. I am thinking about going to the park shortly with my dog. I also think my kid's homework and remote learning has stressed me.
text:Do you have friends that could go with you to the dog park? Do you think you'd feel comfortable physically being around other people?	labels:I am ok with it. My parks are pretty empty now. I think that sounds like a wonderful idea.
text:im sure seeing someone in person will help even if it's for a few minutes. Once you figure out how to hang out with someone that makes you both comfortable, the next times will be that much easier..	labels:That sounds good. Thanks for your help.
text:No problem! I'm glad I could help or at least try to help.	labels:You were helpful. I appreciate you!	episode_done:True
text:HI, how are you today?	labels:I am not doing well. I am very worried about my son's chances of recovery after so many relapses and frustrated because I know there is really nothing I can do to change things for him.
text:You must be very frustrated from feeling unable to do something.	labels:I am. He is a different person when he's not on drugs but when he is using he can get really mean and he scares me.
text:I remember when my mother was having end of life mental declining issues. I understand feeling as if the person is changing and having unusual moods and mood swings. . Do you have anyone you can talk to?	labels:I try not to think about the situation, because I don't see him since he lives in another state. But I can't get everything out of my mind. And yes I have my husband to talk to, that helps some. It's when I'm trying to sleep or when my husband isn't home that's the worst for me.
text:You are feeling the way anybody in your situation would fee like. It must be helpful to have a husband who listens and can be supportive when he is there. Have you always had sleep issues?	labels:It does help but he's as frustrated and upset as I am. I can't sleep at night for dwelling on everything and I don't know how to stop the thoughts about all the terrible things that could happen. When I'm upset about something I cannot sleep but if I'm in a good state of mind I sleep well.
text:Being upset can make someones mind race and make it really difficult to rest or get any sleep at all. Have you ever gone through anything like this before?	labels:Yes I've been dealing with my son's addiction and recovery and relapses for the last three years.
text:I can relate to being close to someone who is addicted. It can feel very sad and lonely at times. I would want to change the person in my life but just has to learn to let go instead. It is a process that takes years to learn.	labels:I am realizing that more every day. If it wasn't my son and just a good friend I would probably end the relationship but a mother can't do that to her own children, you know what I mean? And you are so right. I can't change or control him, I can only change and control myself and my responses to him. That is so difficult to do.
text:Yes, I understand how it can feel like our children are always our babies and we want to fix everything for them. Sometimes it feels like we can change them or re raise them if we just do more for them. Have you had the chance to speak to a close friend or pastor about this situation?	labels:Not really. Most of my friends haven't dealt with that so they don't really understand what I am going through, or even what my son is going through. But you're right, I have to learn to let go and let him fix his own problems with no intereference from me.
text:You are very self aware and have good insight. I notice that you are very in touch with your feelings. You can use writing as a way to release emotions and express yourself, as you are now.	labels:Thank you, I will try that. Like a journal maybe?
text:Yes, I can recommend a journal on Amazon that I also use. Thank you for sharing with me today. Please reach back out anytime.	labels:Thank you so much! I appreciate what you do!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! What brings you to this space today?	labels:Just struggling with the season.
text:Yeah. I hear that. Around when did these feelings start?	labels:About 2 weeks ago.
text:Well i'm really glad to hear that you are reaching out and communicating about it now!	labels:I am alone and on the road so it makes it hard.
text:That makes sense. There is a lot of research that look at isolation and mood. Isolation makes things a lot harder. While you are on the road, is there anyone in your support system that you may be able to call?	labels:No. I am with my dog. We have been homeless of and on. My dog is my best friend and support.
text:You're doing your best for you and your dog! That is great.	labels:Yes but it i hard on us both having to move around.
text:My dog's name is Phineas. He is definitely my best friend.	labels:Mine is Garbo. She craves attention as well. She needs attention from someone besides me as well.
text:Do you talk to Garbo? Or bring Garbo to dog parks? That's a great way to do something for both you and Garbo!!	labels:yes I talk with her and if there is a park I will let her run.
text:Dog parks tend to have a lot of owners who also love dogs. They can love on Garbo and give you some connection too.	labels:We lived in Florida and went to the beach everyday. yeah the parks are ok, but I let her run more openly.
text:It sounds like Garbo likes the outdoors.	labels:Yes. She loves it..
text:Is the weather where you nice enough to take her out?	labels:She does not mind snow either. It is chilly but ok.
text:Ok. My dog, Phineas, love the snow!	labels:Garbo hates small animals also. Especially skunks.
text:Oh Garbo! Hahahaha! She sounds wonderful!	labels:She has been sprayed 4 times.
text:Wow! When was the first time she was sprayed?	labels:3 years ago.
text:Wow! That is almost once a year.	labels:She never learns either.
text:Do you think she will do it again? Do you think she will do it again?	labels:Yes. She sees the color and off she goes.
text:That is so interesting. Research shows that dogs are color-blind. It must be to contrast!	labels:But she can see the stripes.
text:Right! Good eye, Garbo!	labels:Hey thanks fort the chat. Have to now. laundry.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how may i help you today?	labels:hi. I am not sure I offended my close friend, I'm scared, he will see pictures of the car I bought for my wife today on my status. actually, I have initial plan to get the a as a birthday gift for my wife before he came to ask for the money.
text:so you are scared your friend will get mad at you for buying your wife a car after he came asking for money from you? is that correct?	labels:I don't know how to explain the matter,  why I can't  borrow him the money.
text:Have you talked to him recently?	labels:yes, you are on line with me. yes.
text:Has he said anything about the car?	labels:no, he saw the post of the car on my status, but he did'nt say anything.
text:do you think he is mad at you?	labels:yes, naturally he will congratulate me as he viewed the pictures.
text:i know this can be a tough situation but I believe this situation will pass and everything will be ok between you to. do not let this stress you out or worry that he is mad everything will be ok. i would suggest asking him if he saw your post about the car and ask him if he is mad about it.	labels:ok. can I face him, to ask such question.
text:If you are comfortable enough facing him then ask him. Just do not force yourself if you are not comfortable doing that.	labels:may be I should tell one of our friends that I think he is mad at me.
text:if you are more comfortable texting him then i would suggest doing that but i would not just say nothing about you buying the car you should just let him know.	labels:so, we can  both settle the matter, I did not have  enough money to borrow him at that time because of my initial plan for my wife. ok. thanks for your time.
text:I know how you are feeling about that.	labels:yes.
text:just try one of my suggestions and see what the result will be. i am really sure the situation will be solved.	labels:okay.
text:i hope i helped you today.	labels:yes , by God's grace, I TRUST HOLY SPIRIT HE WILL HELP ME, bye.
text:yes he will.	labels:BYE.	episode_done:True
text:My board is going around me to my staff and I am frustrated. And angry!\nI'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to tell me more?	labels:My supervisor left and she reported to the board. Now we report to them. They said they would just go to us and not them. Now the board is going around us (me and my coworker).
text:I could understand how that could make you very angry, I would be too.	labels:Have you ever ran into something like that before?
text:I have not, it sounds like a very bad situation. Is there anyone you can report this to at the company?	labels:Not really. My coworker and I can complain but that can only go so far. I need to detach and do the work but my ego is hurt.
text:It sounds like you are working in a toxic work environment with poor leadership. Have you considered possibly seeking another job? Or maybe another company?.	labels:Not really. This just started happening last week. I'm still trying to get a better idea on how to deal with this.
text:I understand. What do you think about having a conversation with the board and let them know the issues you are having? You could have your coworker back you up.	labels:I think that is how I am going to respond. I am also hearing this from my staff, which may be part of the problem. I am trying not to let my ego get involved but it is hard.
text:It sounds like you take a lot of pride in your job which is very amiable. I think confronting the board is the best way to go about this..	labels:I am worried that I will not be received well. Should I be?
text:It's very possible, but I think you will be commended amongst your peers. You owe it to yourself not to be walked all over.	labels:That's true... I need that at least.
text:And who knows maybe the board will appreciate you coming to them, it shows great strength..	labels:I hope so my last two days were pretty upsetting. Thanks for your help.
text:You're very welcome, was there anything else you wanted to discuss?.	labels:No, that's all.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. How are you doing today?	labels:I'm good. How are you? My board president is getting too involved with the staff and it is driving me nuts!
text:Ugh. I am sorry to hear that. That must be frustrating. You reaching out here shows me that you are solution-driven so I feel strongly that we can work through this!	labels:It is. He just said yesterday that he would not go to my staff but he is. Right after the meeting. Thanks! I feel like the board, in general, is too intrusive into the day to day. I want to be helpful but by their intrusion, I Have no motivation to be helpful.
text:I have definitely had work situations where my higher ups have over stepped their boundaries to the point of being intrusive.	labels:How did you handle it?
text:One thing that worked well for me was speaking to members of the board. Another thing that I found helpful was speaking with my friends and family about it.	labels:I feel like they would either blow me off or feel resentment for bringing it to their attention. Did you run into that? I have spoken to my wife about it. She is in the same field as me.
text:As it pertains to the board, I found that the other member was very receptive to the conversation. Inevitably, they wanted to do what was right for the employees. The power dynamics make it more challenging to be as open as we would like to be, right?	labels:I worry that they may say "Thanks for bringing that to my attention" and then continue doing it. If they do, I would need to look for another job as this board does not have my back. You are right! I want to do a great job but they are making it hard to be motivated.
text:Yes. There are certainly times when finding a new position is the right thing to do. It sounds like you not feeling supported in the work place is grounds for a new position. Is that accurate?	labels:That is accurate. WE met with two of the members yesterday and they said the right things but then do the opposite.
text:I am hearing your frustration through all of this while also hearing your dedication to the work.	labels:Thanks. It is nice to have someone to talk with.
text:You are more than welcome..	labels:Have a nice day.
text:Is there anything else that I may be able to further support you with today?	labels:No. Thanks for helping me.
text:You are welcome! And have a great day!	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you today.	labels:I am ok. Could be better.
text:You need to chat or is there an issue I an help you with?	labels:Chat would be ok.
text:Ok. What do you want to chat about.	labels:I am not sure.
text:No you are uncertain about the chatting, what can we chat about. Sometimes it helps to just talk.	labels:I can't wait to be over this cold and leave the house.
text:Cold as in the bug or weather.	labels:Sick. But the weather is also cold.
text:I am in a southern state and it is chilly.. Where about are you from.	labels:Northeast Ohio so it tends to be cold and gross up here.
text:I can imagine especially with the storm hitting. I am in Georgia and the air is chilly.	labels:I'm definitely not prepared for the storm. It can be so hit or miss what they actually bring.
text:Are you in the path of the storm. At least you are away from the east coast. They are going to get hit hard..	labels:I am but I dont think it is supposed to be as bad by us. We are on the edge of it I think New York is supposed to get like two feet of snow.
text:How much snow do you normally receive.	labels:Normally when we get a storm it's only about 3-6 inches. I work further north though and it can get pretty bad sometimes.
text:The direction shows heading towards New England and east coast. Ohio does not seem to be in the path. Are you close to the lake.	labels:It may have changed since I checked. They said we were going to get a bit of it. I'm about an hour from the lake but for work we have stations in Cleveland, Geneva, and Ashtabula that are on the lake and it gets crazy.
text:The northern part is near Erie.	labels:Yep and it gets the lake effect snow and sometimes there isn't even a storm. Just if it is windy and cold.
text:The lake effect snow is harder than the regular snow at times,.	labels:It can be so sudden that its hard to keep up with and the roads are a mess.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:May I know what is wrong?	labels:I'm just feeling very overwhelmed with all the shutdowns. I'm a stay at home mom and have 4 kids. Managing day to day is hard.
text:It sounds like it must be stressful to be locked in all day with children.	labels:Yes it is. I really with Covid was gone and the kids could go back to school.
text:Does the weather allow you to go outside while social distancing? It may be beneficial to take walks..	labels:It does sometimes but my kids are ages 10, 7, 5 and 1 so I can't leave the kids alone at home and with their school schedule by the time they're done with distance learning its already dark. Sometimes it feels like I don't even get a second to breath alone.
text:It must be hard to ensure they get a good education when it is long distance learning.. I think you are doing a great job despite the challenges.	labels:When the kids aren't actually on the computer learning I'm having to assist them. I love my kids but it gets hard. Thank you I really appreciate that. Do you have kids?
text:It may be hard to get, but sunlight is important for our moods. I hope you can find a moment or two to breathe when you can. I don't have kids, but I have a dog who makes me go for walks, and it helps :).	labels:Thats a good idea! I'll make sure to try to get out.
text:I know many people have started adopting animals due to the lockdowns. I don't know if a pet would make you more or less crazy.	labels:I have a dog also. She's old though and is lazy. She ends up sitting on the sidewalk half way around the block. I've stood in front of my neighbors house for over 3 minutes before. We have alot of pets at our house. 1 dog, 1 cat , 1 lizard, 2 frogs and a bunch of fish. We have 2 aquariums.
text:Animals can provide a lot of stress relief. I would say it's their cozy fur, but lizards and fish have their own attributes :).	labels:We're actually getting another puppy this weekend to keep things fun. lol.
text:A puppy sounds like a great idea. I think she or he will revitalize your family!	labels:Watching the fish swim is relaxing. The lizard is my son's we've had him for over 5 years. Animals do help with stress.
text:I've always wanted a nicely decorated fish tank. I'm glad you have pets to help you get through the day. Is it late where you are? Getting enough sleep helps our moods as well..	labels:You should get one!
text:I think I just might. You've convinced me!	labels:Its 10pm here. I try to get sleep but I like to get my alone time in while the kids are sleeping. I do fine myself staying up for a long time then I have to get up around 7am with the kids.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:Hi. I don't know... sort of down. Sort of empty... How about you?
text:I am feeling a bit the same. Is there something specific that you'd like to talk about?.	labels:Well, I moved to a new state - feeling pretty alone.
text:Do you not know anyone else there?.	labels:No, not really. I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. So I bought a house I love, in a tiny town...
text:Do you think it would benefit you to join some groups or societies where you would meet new people?. If you feel a little out of your depth, that is perfectly normal at this stage!.	labels:Yes, probably. But of course it's a weird time for that, with COVID...
text:Yes of course. So you feel that you cannot meet new people due to the pandemic?.	labels:Well, I didn't really do that much before COVID. But everything's changed in my life. I thought I could make a new start.
text:I understand that this is a bad time to be making a new start but please believe me, I think that things will get better.	labels:I feel like I know what the right things to do are, but nothing sounds fun. I feel like I'm just trying to force myself to do the things I should want to do.
text:It sounds to me like you might be suffering from depression. A lot of the population have this problem! Do you think that this might be the case?.	labels:It's not that I thought money would buy me happiness, but it is strange that now that I could do almost anything, I really can't think of anything I want to do.
text:That definitely sounds like depression to me. Can I suggest that you talk to your doctor?.	labels:I definitely have depression. I can try taking meds again, I should probalby try counseling... I did start going to a doctor, at least.
text:So you have insight into your condition at least ...  that is a very positive thing!.	labels:I know it makes sense to try that, since it does help some people. But I just feel like, I know what they're going to say. I already know what I should do. I just don't do it..
text:What is it that you feel that you should be doing? Please do not put too much pressure on yourself!.	labels:It's like I'm just so lazy... I don't do anything.  I could honestly just stay in bed and read and sleep all day and night.
text:I understand how that feels. I often feel the same way myself, especially now (and at this time of year). Please do not feel bad about it..	labels:I'm not suicidal at all, but I would be totally fine with a big meteor taking us all out tomorrow. I feel like I gave it a shot, I'm sort of ready to be done. I find myself feeling jealous of very old people...
text:I have sometimes felt this way too. Do you have a pet? I have two cats and they do help to cheer me up when I feel especially bad.	labels:If I could have traded places with one of my parents, I would have in a heartbeat. They loved life, and they were good at it. .
text:So you feel that you are bad at life? Please do not!. I do need to go now but I hope that you can find some comfort in the future. I wish you all the best..	labels:Yes! I'm not even joking - I think cats are the best thing there is in life. The day after I bought my house was the first genuinely happy day I'd felt in a decade or more - and the next day my cat died unexpectedly. Ugh... Okay. Thanks for chatting. Hug your cats for me.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. I lost one of my cats earlier this year. I will and thank you for talking too.	labels:Yeah. It was rough, after losing both parents last year. Ughh... Take care. Bye.
text:(I really did lose a cat earlier this year btw :( ).	labels:I didn't doubt that for a moment. I'm really so sorry. I understand...
text:Thank you for talking and all the best.	labels:To you as well. Dream of kittens!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you today?	labels:not too great at the moment.
text:Oh no. I am sorry to hear that. Why do you feel that way?	labels:because of the covid, I am afraid of going out in public.
text:I totally get that. The world is a scary place right now with the pandemic..	labels:and I get no help from my kids, they want me to stay in.
text:Have you tried virtual ways of connecting with friends and family? I know that has been useful for me.	labels:yes, I do speak with family through emails and facebook, but not being there in real life makes it hard.
text:That is understandable. Hopefully with the vaccine, we will be able to see others in public soon. Have you tried some of the virtual visual apps such as Zoom or FaceTime?	labels:my computer keeps giving me a hard time when I use Zoom..I have tried video conferencing on facebook messenger.
text:Oh no! How have your video conferences on Facebook gone. Another thing I like to do is to meet up with friends in parks or public so that we are abiding by guidelines but can still be in person..	labels:I have used Facebook messenger a lot so the visual side is easy. I am able to see my new granchild...that helps.
text:Wow that is so exciting! I would love to hear more about your grandchild.	labels:She is beautiful and new to this world. I look into her face and I think maybe she knows more than everyone says..she has got her grandpa and grandma hooked...know what I mean?
text:Yes definitely! That is wonderful, I am sure she looks forward to meeting you. And luckily with Facebook you are able to get updates and to virtually see her.	labels:I think it would be better when all of this is over so we can see her in real time. time.
text:Oh yes of course that is something to look forward to. For now we just have to remain inside so that you and your new granddaughter can both stay healthy..	labels:my daughter knows I would do anything for her and for my grandchild...staying in should be easy...right?
text:That awesome. Hobbies are definitely helpful for staying inside. Have you picked up any new hobbies with the extra time we have been spending inside?	labels:because I am a wounded vet, I get craft kits from the wounded warrior site...I have learned how to sew and make jewelry..something I have never done before.
text:Thank you for your service. That is awesome. Have you made anything for your daughter/granddaughter yet?	labels:if you need more info contact Help Heal Veterans online...they send kits at no charge to vet. yes I have main a couple of things but daughter says she might wait until the little one is older...you know to be safe... I made a beaded "choker" for my daughter.
text:Yes that makes sense. You could always get a head start on future birthday presents for your granddaughter haha. I am sure she would love any jewelry made by you to wear in the future.	labels:yes I will keep that in mind...sorry to end this but I have a phone call to attend to..okay?
text:Yes of course. I hope you have a great night and enjoy your phone call. Just remember all these covid restrictions are temporary and soon you will be able to reunite with your daughter and granddaughter!	labels:I want to thank you for your time and support..you are very courteous and respectful...may you have a great holiday and new year.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:i am stressed to the core.
text:What is stressing you out? Maybe I can encourage you.	labels:i can't maintain a work - life balance. unable to connect socially.. i feel alone eventhough i am in my home.
text:Your home work balance, are you working from home?	labels:yes. i am working remotely from home due to this pandemic.
text:I can understand that you would feel lonely. Isolation is not healthy for any of us. It seems to be forced on us. Have you any friends or family you could call on the phone?	labels:yes.i have. but , its bad that you can't meet them in person or you haven't gone out for a while.
text:It is true, it feels terrible to not go out. We don't listen to the government anymore because we don't know anyone who died, so we still meet with our friends. I would be lost without them, however we don't meet as much so I do make it a point to call them. What will happen if you leave your home?	labels:honestly, i am afraid to leave my home. we can't be so sure about our safety. so i am to be happy with the things i have. but the feeling of being left alone and work pressure sucks me more..
text:Do you have a lot of friends how were healthy that died?	labels:i have lot of colleagues and friends. to the best of my knowledge, i don't think that the people who are healthy will die.
text:I have found that being in isolation lowers my immunity, and if I want to be healthy, fresh air, loving friends, exercise, good healthy food is the way to do it, not isolation and loneliness. That affect me emotionally and I don't want to despair, that makes me feel terrible. It doesn't feel healthy, and we know no one that has died either.  But if you are not going to go out, do you have goals to help you not feel lonely, any ideas? Any thoughts on how you can fix this so you don't feel so lonely?	labels:you are absolutely right. i just try to divert my mind on entertainment and cooking . my work burden increased to a greater extent.
text:You might even want to call your friends and colleagues to see if any of them are meeting up. We are social creatures. We need to socialize..	labels:i can't afford much time . considering the present situation, its bad for all of us to get socialized.
text:I'm sure you are busy, but realize, your emotional health is important too and we always need to make time to connect with people..	labels:you are right. may be i should think of more relevant options.
text:I think it is a trade off for us -- do we risk a disease we have a 99.9996% chance of survival from according to the CDC or stay at home and despair?  I see no evidence of a pandemic nor do my nurse friends. So we live our lives normally. But some are afraid, and fear takes its toll on people. I say use your eyes, look around, if there aren't people dying all around you and you aren't hearing of a lot of people dying in ten months of this, there probably aren't a lot of people dying. And life is short. Hug those you love, you may not have them tomorrow, plandemic or not.. I know you are working hard, but do try to switch up your life so you get some exercise and take care of your health, and perhaps list some people to call who you haven't checked in with in a while to switch up your life, bring some pizzazz.. I was feeling REALLY lonely last month, and then I started a gratitude list and that helped, then I called some people and began to make new friends. It really helped a lot..	labels:oh well yeah. i should try some new dishes too. happy to receive such kind words. you really are a healer. may be i should invite my friends too. it sounds nice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is life going for you right now?. Is there anything on your mind that you would like to talk about?. I am happy to listen if you want to talk..	labels:so sorry i had stepped away.
text:I have been having a bit of a bad time in life lately so I can understand and empathise if you are too.	labels:i heard the bell ticking and kept wondering what had happened and what it was.
text:That is no problem! What would you like to talk about? .	labels:this is how my mind is won-dering so much now.
text:Okay... do you feel that you are having trouble concentrating?.	labels:i just need to hear the voice of someone now as i am into myself so much. bad time to be alone as the miind keeps wanting theings for me that i had left alone.
text:I hear you. It's been a very bad year for everyone, what with the pandemic and everything..	labels:so much stress here with deaths in family, aloneness and bills.
text:Has something specific happened that you'd like to talk about?.	labels:yes not to mention the pandemic. i forget to wear my mask from home mostly mine is gone. and swind up hving to buy one somewhere out there or come back home.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. Are you aware that there are agencies out there who could offer you help and advice?.	labels:with my rthritis it hurts me so much to wal and walking back home to go bck gain is out of the question, i used to walk for miles and miles and work all dayso depressing sometimes. know      there are agencies , i have een worked at a few senior commmunities and day centers , .
text:So you feel that you have more problems than normal, what with health problems and the pandemic too?.	labels:i g to counseling now, but with our pndemic the groups are not meeting anymore. yes i g to the doctor too.
text:Yes I hear you. I have also felt very isolated during this pandemic..	labels:A lot of pepple say they are and then they are home with their families and everything. i just was listening to the tv and it made me feel like why are they so uncomfortable to be home with their families. and let it pass.
text:It is perfectly normal to feel this way at this time. Are you able to see your family at all?.	labels:no  not really, my friend (boy) had asked me if i wanted to go visit my daughter in Delware and i said no bcquse of the pandemic. she came here with her family this past th of July. this is part of the reason but not ll.
text:How did it make you feel to have to say no?.	labels:i have two daughters and they each have a soni have familly here too but we are estranged from each now moe than ever since the sister that as after me died, they looked up to her more since i had left to live with my father when our mother died.my life is a story of broken lives from the time i was born. so being alone is nothing new to me. it is in my bones this lonliness i have.
text:Do you feel as though you have nowhere to turn and that things are just getting worse?.	labels:i have financial problems now since i have been sending money to Africa to my new love.
text:I see. Are you likely to be able to meet them in person soon, given the global situation?.	labels:unpaid bills and credit all messed up, i was trying to be a responsible grandmother to my grandsons and daughters  but he has gotten their money and now it is Christmas. h says he is coming to marry me wihich will be another problems and nothing else will dominate his mind.
text:That sounds really horrific. May I suggest you seek some professional help?.	labels:with all of thois flower tak i am not sure i have not been scammed.
text:I hope that I have been able to b of some comfort to you. I must leave now but I urge you to get professional help.	labels:there is alsays a sad story which hads also made me so depressed and then they have such terrible things happening to them over there.
text:I hear you. Please try to reach out for professional help.	labels:i hank you for lending a listening ear and will continue to pray to God to help me until it gets better. thank you.
text:I hope it will get better!.	labels:i will see someone on the 30th. i pray, Merry Christmas to you and God bless you. thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am doing very bad.
text:Bad days can be rough, can you tell me more about it?	labels:I woke up this morning and I felt so sad and upset I cannot shake the feeling and its made me want to do nothing all day.
text:I know I have had days like that when things seem hopeless but things always get better!	labels:Yeah it just doesnt really feel like that right now. I have so much homework and chores to get done and I just dont have the energy to do it.
text:I know it can be overwhelming when you have so much to do but I am confident you can overcome this!	labels:Yeah im really hoping I can. Im just feeling hopeless right now is all. Hopefully it will all be better soon.
text:Have you ever considered trying to get a planner in order to schedule your time? I really think this would help you feel less stressed.	labels:Yeah I would love that I just dont have a ton of money right now but maybe I can ask my friend to buy me one for time time being and I could pay her back.
text:That sounds like a great idea, having a friend like that really puts a positive spin on things. You could also consider the dollar tree, they have planners for only a dollar.	labels:Oh thats true maybe I can walk their tomorrow. It would give me something to look forward too.
text:I think that would be great idea, exercise and fresh air normally helps me when I have been in a bad mood..	labels:Yeah I completely agree I think going there tomorrow will actually really help. Is there anything else you want to talk about?
text:I am so glad I was able to help you come to a solution! You will be back on track before you know it. I use a planner myself and this is the only way I am able to keep everything done!	labels:Yeah this for sure helped. Thanks so much.
text:You are very welcome! I am glad I helped!	labels:Yeah and I will for sure follow your advice to get a planner.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you?	labels:i don't want to lie. am not good for sure. my boyfriend broke up with me. how could he do this to me?
text:I'm sorry to hear this. When did your boyfriend break up with you?	labels:last week. we were like  a lovey - dovey couple. it hurts.
text:Breakups always hurt. They can be very painful, how long were you together?.	labels:almost for 2 years. this is sad right?
text:It's very sad and your emotions will take a toll, but you have to set some goals so you don't fall into a funk. Do you have a good support system? Did he give a reason for the breakup?	labels:no. he didn't told me anything. avoiding me all the time. i don't have a support system either.
text:Are you telling me he just said "I am breaking up with you" then never said why and left?	labels:he thinks everything is casual . we were happy. he is behaving like this all of a sudden. what should i think then ?
text:I think he doesn't know what he wants and thinks the grass is greener on the other side of the fence. It is disrespectful to you. And hurtful. You say you have no support, don't you have friends? Family?	labels:i don't have a family. i am living alone in a city where am working. i have not met anyone because of the pandemic..
text:I think you might want to join an online support group then. Do you have any goals or aspirations that you are working on apart from your relationship? Because it will be painful to move forward, but if you have some goals, that can help you from falling into a slump.	labels:i think i should set some goals and engage in daily activities like meditation and yoga. i am thinking about contacting a medical assistance too. i can't overcome it by myself. i am really grateful for your support and kind words. i feel somewhat positive. i was in need of someone like this.
text:You are welcome. I am happily married now, but I had my fair share of breakups. They hurt my self esteem. I had to work hard to not let that happen. And do my best to grieve, but not get stuck there.. If a man did not want to be with me, I took it hard as rejection, but in the long run, if he does not want to be with me, I don't want to be with him, but that takes time, and you need friends to encourage you..	labels:you really are a strong person.. yes. if i follow him, i will be the one to get hurt. its time for me to accept the reality.
text:Thank you. I'm older, been through a LOT of hard knocks. You will be stronger too, right now you are hurting, in time you will see more clearly..	labels:hoping the same. i should be strong and take this as an experience to learn.
text:He hasn't told you why, so the problem lies in him, not you. So do your best not to be hard on yourself. It is a shock to you now, but he never even communicated this with you over time, and he should have. that's what you want in a partner.. If a relationship has problems, you want someone to talk about he problems and work on them and grow as two people. He chose to walk away, that's immature and not what you want in a relationship. That is actually abusive.	labels:yes. its better to be alone than with a partner who didn't understand us. really you are awesome mam ! there is a lot to learn from you ! i feel like you can clearly see through my mind.
text:Thank you! You are so very kind! And you are very sweet too, willing to hear the truth! That is an admirable quality!  You deserve a partner willing to work on problems, not a quitter.. Do take care of yourself! Find some friends, work hard at that, call old friends too. Just to say hi, call an old aunt or uncle and check in. Find community. That will help you..	labels:i should take a break from this relationship issues and try to enjoy myself and heal from this. you are kind too mam !. your partner is really lucky to have you. sure mam. i will really try hard..
text:Yes! Don't hop into another relationship for a long time, months, even a year. Find out who you are. Be the woman you want to be. I prayed for my husband for a long time. God is good! :D I had a lot of bad ones before him!.	labels:we all learn from our experiences. yes. i want to be emotionally independent. i should take a break and travel after this pandemic. hope you will be happy as well..
text:Thank you so much!.	labels:i should be one thanking you mam!. take care.good night and have a deep sleep.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi! How are you this evening?	labels:pretty depressed all in all. I dont know how to get out of this slump.
text:Sorry to hear that. How long have you been in a slump?	labels:Quite a while, of course it really got worse once the pandemic hit. I am in a pretty bad marriage he is not supportive in any way. It's getting worse instead of better. I suppose I used to be able to distract myself with the outside world and right now I cant.
text:I can understand that. It's been hard on a lot of people. Sometimes marriages need a bit of help during tough times, have you considered a counselor?.	labels:I have tried, he won't go again. We have before and it didn't really help. He argued with her.
text:My husband and I have gone a few times and it really helped having an objective person give us a few tips. We learned a lot even in just a few short months. We set goals, achieved them and then years passed and went again.. That's too bad that he won't go again. I would still go for yourself. I have gone by myself because I needed extra help.  And it's hard to deal with someone who doesn't want to grow and change..	labels:I am happy it worked for you :) I just dont see it working with us. Hes pretty stubborn. I also struggle with a severe auto immune disorder so that is always weighing on me as well.
text:I had an auto immune disorder too, actually, the counseling helped that a lot. Emotions have a way of wreaking havoc on our bodies. And it sounds like life has been stressful for you lately.. Having a physical problem is really hard to deal with in addition to problems in marriage. Do you have any goals set?	labels:Yes, stress is terrible for chronic illness. I had goals to get back in check with myself, I've been worried about everyone else for so long and not really about me. The pandemic haulted a lot of that. I used to take rides and go out and enjoy nature or something simple by myself to rejuvinate but it's harder now being worried to be around people. I also have an 8 and 1 year old. While they are my world, it's taxing having littles depend on you 24/7 without a breather :)
text:It sounds like you have a full plate with the little one. I know a lot of people are fearful now, but rest assured, children are really resilient to disease. The CDC has not even one record of a healthy child dying. Can you still go to the park and let them run and play? I think it's healthier to be around people then to isolate. That's my personal observation. It's really taking a toll on all of us emotionally to be distant.. little ones . . ..	labels:For a few months I eased up and let them play at the park, but we live in MI which is having another huge spike, especially our county. Thank goodness we have a pretty large yard for them to run and play in but I also know its not the same.
text:One thing that comes to mind about your marriage is how I continued to work on myself, and surprisingly, some of the changes I made in myself helped my husband change. For example. I realized I didn't speak respectfully to him all the time.  So I changed my tone. Sometimes I didn't FEEL respectful, but I read this book explaining how men really need that. So I changed me. And you know what, he really responded well to that. Became more kind and loving. I prayed a lot and that is one thing God showed me. I read a few books on what men were like and how I could help my marriage. My husband often oblivious, but when I worked on me and doing things that men like, he actually became a better man. Hard to explain. I would encourage you to write out some goals and things you want to change about yourself, ideas for you and your children to do. And fight the blues as hard as you can. I find that if I have a list of things I need to do, I can follow that even when I don't feel like it, and sometimes I get out of the slump.	labels:It makes total sense. I have tried to do some research and yes work on myself as well. I have done a ton of praying. I do need to make new goals. They help me stay on track, thats for sure.. Of course now that I'm home schooling my oldest I'm tearing my hair out there as welll. lol! I always had a huge amount of respect for teachers, but wow!
text:It sounds like you do know good things to do, and that sometimes you need that encouragement and and support. Do you have friends maybe to check in with? Just to chat. I have been doing that myself. Just phoning people to connect. It has helped so much. Just to say hi and share my life.. Life has a way of handing us curveballs. It upsets us then we don't know what to do, we fall down and get in a slump. And I find that writing lists, making goals, calling friends, doing things differently, brainstorming solutions can help me get back on track..	labels:I need to do that more! When my maternal grandma passed away in 2013 I kind of fell away from just calling people up. She was my go to person to call, always. She and my grandpa raised me and its been hard to pick up a phone knowing I cannot call her. Sounds weird I know.
text:It is NOT weird. I'm like a granma to you! hahaha I'm almost 60. We need people in our lives, older, younger, all ages. We all learn from each other. Perhaps call and aunt and check in with them. Sometimes it makes us feel better to reach out and encourage others..	labels:I will try to do this more, for sure! Thank you for this conversation, I feel like it has helped me remember the things I can do to start working on myself again!
text:As for your son and homeschooling, I'm sure you are challenged but think of this as a great opportunity. Perhaps teach him to cook? Make games up that are learning games about how to care for a home, perhaps repair things, all kinds of ideas. Perhaps have him test you on things..	labels:Sounds like a plan for sure :) I will do this, he would really enjoy it!	episode_done:True
text:i am feeling sad. my boyfriend left me out of the blue.\nI am so sorry for hearing that. Do you want to talk more detail about that?	labels:yes, i want to. i am unable to concentrate in anything. i feel so negative about my life. what is the point of this relationship then ?
text:You seem really focus on just one person. Life is rich. Think about other important people in your life such as parents, friends.	labels:i can understand all of this. may be i need some time.
text:Yes of course you should take your time as long as you want and you can do it, one day you can leave all those problem.	labels:hoping the same. want to  be the happy person like i was before.
text:Also do exercise, yoga, workout, talk your friends, listen to music etc sort of things might help you a lot. whatever works for you, you'll try them out. Just chatting with you, you seem very a smart, strong girl. Do not be upset about things you can't control.	labels:i think i should divert my concentration on something else..
text:For sure, what else we need to talk about?	labels:it really hurts when the person means you the most becomes unavailable out of the blue without stating any reason. nothing. thanks for your support anyways. i am glad talking to you.
text:I feel the same way.	labels:thank you then.
text:Sure, is there anything that I can help you.	labels:none. how are you coping up with the current situation?
text:Kinda Ok, but struggling with some issues such as eating unhealthy.	labels:why can't to cook in your home? is there anyone to help you ?
text:not sure, i can cook myself however the situation pushes me unhealthy choice somehow lol. Btw, it helps for your current mood, does not it? I mean we are talking about other stuffs which make you think about your problem less?	labels:yes for sure. what matters more is whether you enjoy it or not. helps me for sure.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hello.
text:How are you this evening?	labels:I am doing ok. I am feeling very sad. How are you?
text:I am doing well, I am sorry to hear you are feeling sad. What is bothering you tonight?	labels:I am going through a terrible divorce from an abusive narcissitic ex, But we have two young kids. I haven't seen them in months because he lied to CPS and told them I abuse my kids. I just feel very alone. I am afraid my children will forget me.
text:So, just to clarify, you are going through a hard divorce with your ex-wife and this has you feeling very down..	labels:ex-husband. yes.
text:Sorry about that, ex-husband. I can definitely tell this is making you feel very anxious and sad from the few messages we have exchanged.	labels:Yes very much so. Do you have any advice?
text:I recently went through a hard break up with an ex-fiancé who got pregnant from another man, so I know how difficult a situation like this can be,	labels:Oh my goodness. My ex is out to destroy me emotionally.
text:Have you had a conversation with him with some sort of objective third party to try and work through the differences in seeing your children? Often times, having an objective 3rd party helps to get somewhere in a conversation.	labels:Yes, the court right now. They are moving so slow with Covid. I'm just worried my kids will forget me. or not love me anymore.
text:Does he allow you to have any contact with your children?	labels:Not at this time. The court is in favor of their father. This situation is a little stickier. In July, I sent recordings of him being abusive to me, to my mother. I told him I wanted a divorce and I didn't love him anymore. Next thing I know, I'm being arrested for "hitting" him, which never happened. so I am trying to beat this criminal charge.
text:Do you have information to reach out to who is handling your court case? Reaching out to ask for updates or for help from them might help.	labels:That is a great idea. I should try that.
text:I think it would help to reach out and let them know you would like updates!	labels:I know that I am stronger for going through this situation.
text:You definitely will be! I know it is hard now, but I know you will make it through this!	labels:Thank you for your support!
text:Not a problem! I am glad you reached out tonight!	labels:Me as well. I was debating it for a while. have a good evening.
text:You as well!	labels:good night.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Good evening, thank you for picking this up.
text:No problem, how are you tonight?	labels:I'm good, a little anxious and down because I recently left a job with great people.
text:Just to make sure I understand, you recently left a job and you are feeling very anxious about it.	labels:That is correct.
text:What caused you to leave the job?	labels:COVID-19 risk and exposure. I felt like the company wasn't doing enough to protect the employees.
text:I completely understand that reasoning. I was also very anxious when the pandemic first started due to working in a grocery store.	labels:Yeah, I was in retail also aha worked in a convenience store with lots of foot traffic.
text:Did they offer you any type of leave due to COVID?	labels:No, I was relatively new after leaving the military and was looking for a job so no leave days available. I really liked the employees and everyone was kind though. It's just the risk of exposure that made me stressed.
text:I understand, I can tell through typing with you that this has made you very anxious. Did you get any contact information from the employees you worked with while you were there? Often it helps to keep in touch with previous co-workers, especially during a time like this.	labels:Yes, I do have the numbers of a few of them. I talked to them a little during the day but I mainly kept to myself as I planned my next few steps. I was just ashamed for having left after they have been so helpful. I pride myself in being loyal and supportive but it was just too much risk to myself and family.
text:I understand that completely, but I know you can make it through this!	labels:I appreciate it lol I didn't imagine myself getting help through a platform through this, but I appreciate the support.
text:Have you thought about looking for some work from home for the time being? There are a lot of companies who are offering remote work during this time. It was my pleasure!	labels:I know I'll get over it. It's just an unexpected change. I am. I'm looking at a few options and retooling. I planned on starting university again in Fall 2021 to retool.
text:Yes it is!	labels:2020 has been nothing but craziness lol.
text:School will definitely help.	labels:For sure, I look forward to the change. I'm just planning out my next few months and a routine to help pass time.
text:Routines are definitely helpful, I make sure to spend plenty of time doing other hobbies I enjoy to take my mind off of the pandemic.	labels:Yeah, I was pulling some old textbooks to review but I'm looking for some hobbies like art and reading. I found unexpected freetime so that's a blessing I guess aha.
text:I find myself watching a lot of movies and tv shows I enjoy as well as playing video games.	labels:Same, I started picking up alot of old hobbies and games after the pandemic started. I used to want to be hyperproductive all the time but now I am enjoying the time I do have.
text:I have done the same.	labels:The burn out is real. I appreciate the time you spent listening. I did not know what to expect but I do feel better talking to someone anonymous than someone I know right now aha.
text:It was not a problem! If you ever need anything else, don't be afraid to reach out again!	labels:I appreciate it. Thank you and have a wonderful night :) and happy holidays!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, I really need someone to talk to right now..\nHi there! I am here to chat :) What is on your mind? Hi there! I am here to chat :) What is on your mind?	labels:My partner ran off with another woman and I simply cannot get over it. Why did he do this to me?.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that, that is really rough. He sounds like a real jerk if you ask me!	labels:I know he could be at times and he did have a roving eye but I loved him and I miss him a huge amount, despite everything..
text:I get that, it's hard to understand why the people close to us do bad things.	labels:I think the biggest problem is that I keep wondering what his new girlfriend is like and if she is prettier or cleverer than me. I do not know what I did wrong..
text:You did nothing wrong. It's something wrong with him, if he did this to you, he'll probably do it again to her. Do you really want to be with someone that disregards your well being like that?	labels:That is a very sensible way to look at things .. I do rationally realise that. Irrationally I just want him to come back to me and say that he made a mistake, though!.
text:I understand, it's easy to get sucked back into the nostalgic good memories of when things were at their best.	labels:That's exactly it! I keep thinking of all the good times we had together and the things that we did before her met Her. I just want those times to come around again even though I know they should not..
text:It really sucks, doesn't it? And it's not a walk in the park to get over someone when you've been so close to them. Breakups are kind of like a bad cut. They really hurt for a bit, but then a scar eventually forms over it and you start to forget about it.	labels:Thank you - you are really helping me to understand how I am feeling. I think that perhaps the scar never goes away but yes, hopefully it will not hurt anymore one day.
text:Do you have a group of friends, or activities to keep you busy while you're going through this? It helps to keep your mind distracted :) And you are so welcome! I've been through my share of breakups too, it's never fun!	labels:I do have some good friends but we also had some mutual friends who have been a bit distant with me since the break up. I guess that I really don't need them though, huh?.
text:Friends come and they go, it doesn't have to be a game of choosing sides. Keep in touch with those that keep in touch with you. Or maybe reach out to some other friends you haven't connected with in awhile..	labels:That is good advice too. Or maybe I could do something to help me make new friends? Do you have any suggestions?.
text:Totally! It helps to get into group activities, like hiking to going to the gym, or a book club..	labels:I do love to read - I think that I will totally look into joining a book club. I would really like to meet new people, not to date specifically but just to be friends.. Thank you so very much for having talked to me - I do feel a good deal more positive now. I know that there is a long way to go but I think that I can see the light now..
text:You are welcome! I hope you feel better and have a great night!	labels:you too!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:Hello WOrld. Hi. I am disgruntled...
text:Are you having a good day? why what happened?	labels:Well It was decent enough until just about an hour ago. I got "taxed" on my packages. Like tax deeezzzz. Are these chats coming in a decent time?
text:yes. sorry to hear that. How can i help.	labels:I just needed to vent about it, I guess its slightly strange to have this issue... It is not like we all don't pay taxes and all that mess.. It is more or less that I got the middle man rate. Pissed me right off.
text:Tell me what happened. That sounds horrible.	labels:Well, I ordered my normal uhm, 'package' from my homie... Well he just took off as normal and came back in a few hours. We agreed on n160  for the whole mess and HE JUST DECIDES that its now 185 cause he needed gas, and what ever.. Nah man, I already fill your tank and food and he can grab some fries from the bag when he gets here.
text:wow. get him a gas card for christmas then he cant say anything next time.	labels:haha YES! see it is a stupid thing. like dood we hook your ass up all the tome. time.
text:People suck.	labels:Hell ya. Well thanks for the time. Ima bounce outta here.
text:ok. wish you the best.	labels:appreciate it. Merry Christmas.
text:Merry christmas.	labels:Oh hey, apparently we need 10 messages and 10 minutes to quit.
text:they read them 10 each.	labels:SO one more response from you, and I hope the researchers take this part as I HAVE a time schedule to adhere to, and MUST get back.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello there, how is your day going?.	labels:It's going okay. I'm just having a hard time.
text:Is there something that you'd like to talk about?.	labels:It's mainly my husband. His spending habits are out of control. He thinks he need to reward himself for living. We can't survive if he keeps gifting himself.
text:Wow that sounds like a big problem. Is he aware of how much distress this is causing you?.	labels:I've tried talking to him about it, but he claims that he needs to reward himself or he wouldn't do anything. Like, if he gets up and goes to work then he needs to eat out to reward himself.
text:So you feel that he is misunderstanding life? That he feels that he deserves things just for existing?.	labels:Exactly. And if I push further, he compares himself to other people: "Well, at least I don't hit you." or "At least I'm not an alcoholic" Like I should thank him for existing.
text:It sounds like a really toxic relationship - I hear you! I have been in that position also. In the end I felt that I had no choice but to leave. I cannot tell you what to do, though..	labels:It's hard because we have children. When we were just dating, he was a different person. He didn't start to act this way until after our eldest was born.
text:Ah, unfortunately a lot of men are like that - before you become seriously committed they seem totally different. Have you considered seeking professional help?.	labels:The problem all boils down to money. If I had enough for therapy I wouldn't be worried about his spending habits! lol. But, you're right, that's probably what we both need!
text:I believe that there are some organisations that will offer free therapy sessions for people in need. Have you considered asking your doctor?.	labels:Really? I'd definitely be interested in that. Do they have online therapy like that?
text:I am not totally sure what is available but I think that there might be such things.	labels:Thanks for your help. You said you've been in similar relationships. Is this behavior common for men?.
text:Well no, I don't think that all men are like this by any stretch of the imagination. Unfortunately, however, there are some bad apples who give all men a bad name. I am sure that the same applies to women too though!.	labels:Haha, true. I just wondered. I had previous relationships, but they were very short.  My dad was always the opposite: he was a penny-pincher. Sometimes I worry that maybe I'm just to stingy with the money, but then I remember that we have none, so Idk how to be more generous lol.
text:You sound to me as though you are being realistic and sensible about your financial situation and are being neither too stingy nor too lavish..	labels:Thank you for your help and feedback. I appreciate it. I'm going to select Finish & Quit.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you doing today?	labels:I cannot seem to focus on online learn. FU covid.
text:It must be very difficult to be a student during this time.	labels:It is so weird. I am a hands on. teacher talking to me kinda person. what the F.
text:I understand that completely. It's very helpful to speak with people face to face. However, have you sought other ways, such as through Zoom, to interact with peers having the same difficulties?	labels:zoom is not the same. I am in a techincal trade and need my hands.
text:Classes that involve hands-on work must be very challenging to do online. It sounds like this is a real dilemma. What ways have you already sought to overcome it?	labels:trying to stay sane (patient) that the vaccine works and we get back to normal soon. FU lockdown.
text:I feel very much the same way. I am also a student taking online classes this semester. I can't wait until we get back to normal classroom settings, and I also hope fervently that the vaccine process is quick, efficient, and effective. I find that making regular online meetings with my professor, while it might not help with the physicality of your work, at least provides mental and motivational boosts. Do you ever meet with them in any capacity?	labels:honestly its all a shit show right now. Everything is tied up in logistics and stop and starts. this year has been almost a wash.
text:It's been the same way at my school. At least there is some solace in knowing that a large group of students is also struggling right now. Having a source of community support/commiseration is at least emotionally helpful.	labels:true, I guest if the ship goes down we all go down.
text:If there's only one thing to take from this, it's knowing you aren't alone. I have confidence that you, and this entire country, is going to get through these difficult times..	labels:I believe that too. thanks for the reassurance. I just have a hard time sitting still.
text:I definitely get that. It's especially hard because we've had to sit still for so long. It's almost been a year since things were normal. It's kind of like we're just waiting for real life to start again.	labels:imagine when it happens. when everything is the way it was a year ago. a beer. at a bar.
text:That sounds incredible. Or just to be able to go into a store without a mask and hand sanitizer and constantly monitoring how close you are to people. It's almost impossible to imagine, to be honest. But when that day finally comes, it'll be one of the best days of my life. We can finally start putting all of this behind us..	labels:thanks fo the chat. i feel better. stay safe. im hitting the books.
text:Thanks! I hope this helped relieve some stress, at least. You stay safe, too.	labels:htiting the books.	episode_done:True
text:how are yo.	labels:Good how are you.
text:ok. thanks for asking. what on your mind.	labels:Just been having a rough time....recently broke up with my girlfriend.
text:sounds hard. are you doing anything to help.	labels:Trying to avoid thoughts about her, but every where on social media she is posting about her new guy. It is hard to escape the sadness.
text:wow. in our connected world it is hard to get away. do you want to tell me how it happened.	labels:Yeah it is. Well we have been having trouble staying closely connected since the lockdown. We tried to make time for one another, but it has been tough. I was the one who broke things off because I know longer felt much love coming from her. I felt neglected and I thought a break up was the best solution. I did not think she would pick up a new guy two weeks later. I was not prepared to deal with this kind of pain and it hurts.
text:It was wise of you to know your feeling towards the relationship and make a mature decision for the both of you. During this pandemic too. that must have been even harder. .	labels:Yeah it has been difficult and I know I will make it through. It is just difficult to get through break ups these days. Unless you disconnect you can't avoid the other person.
text:that's a good idea. Have you thought about disconnecting?	labels:Yeah I was thinking of maybe organizing a hunting/fishing/camping trip with my buddies over winter break. That could help get me out of the digital world and would help me spend quality time with my friends.
text:nothing better than the outdoors wit h some friends. Fresh air can really clear the mind.	labels:Yeah I think that is probably what I will end up doing. It will probably help the mental health of the entire friend group, but especially me right now.
text:perspective is found from looking at things from a distance. you maybe to close to everything right now to see the forest from the trees.	labels:Thank you for the help and the advice. I think I will follow through and make the trip happen. Any tips on eventually getting back out in the dating game in these strange times?
text:Again, I think you were the mature one that ended the relationship. It is hard to see her "move on", but you will do the same. covid has changed the environments to meet people though, and all I can suggest is to be patient. The world will get back to normal. and you will too.	labels:Thanks I appreciate that. I can spend some time focusing on my career and relationships with friends before looking for another romantic endeavor. I appreciate your help with this situation.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening, Hope you are well.	labels:i am not doing well at all im at a lost for words i just cant pull myself out of this funk.
text:What can I help you with? Is it the season or the virus? I can relate to you.	labels:its everything im just down depressed cant find a job.
text:Jobs are tight right now I agree. What type work are you looking for.	labels:i have no money mturks helps a little but im just tired of it all some jobs wont work around my schedule esp bc the kids are virtual and i can only work certain hrs. i cant wait until this is all over the world is crazy right now cant believe what this world is goin through.
text:Your children are home because of school, I understand. Do you WFH or normally from an office.	labels:ill take anything just not a low paying job because i have to spend money on transportation sooo for ex i got a job but they offered 8 an hr so uber back n forth n working part time its pointless to accept bc ill b paying just to get back n forth. i was a laundry attendant so our hotel shut down in march.
text:I work for myself as a freelance. have you checked other hotels in your area.	labels:and who ever came on board last was let go and i was the 3rd laundry attendant so i found out in aug that they let me go bc there was really no work and was no point of keepin me on payroll to come back. hotels workers are mainly daytime i cant do daytime mon through fri bc im home with the kids so going back to a hotel is out.
text:What about the front desk.	labels:i have an interview for a rehab facility for the elderly and they hiring for night laundry so hopefully ill get it. i have no experience with front desk and many hotels are picky about that.
text:Some hotels have night clerks who also have to do the laundry. What about working on line for companies. Ever thought about copywriting or proofreading.	labels:yea if the laundry is right behind the desk thats like extended stay hotels and they work from 11pm - 7a cant leave kids alone. no never thought of that.
text:there is a company called DreamWorks. She has lots of work for moms and das also.	labels:and some companies are real strict about who they hired i already got declined by 4 companies and one was tmobile other was comcast and i have call center experience so idk what it is that they are looking for exactly. ok cool thanks for that ill check into it.
text:Check out Dream Works on YouTube.. She will explain the details and the companies pay well. Some work over night but all from home.	labels:oh i will ill take anything right now i had to get some angel tree donations for the kids this year but my daughter she doesnt qualify bc of her age so i still gotta find a way to get something for her. great ill definitely check it out.
text:There are a numerous companies that need call center help.	labels:after everybody declining me i just gave up on that.
text:Check with the Salvation Army of Toys fore Tots. Don't give up. Keep trying and keep searching. The Lord will guide you to the right place.	labels:we either can sign up for angel tree or toys for tots and i did the angel tree program and my daughter is 15 they dont supply stuff for her age n neither does toys for tots.
text:Check with local churches also,	labels:thanks and i wont my kids is what keeping me going.
text:Check with local churches. This the season for miracles.	labels:and i will i have some to call tomorrow for some help i was researching all day bc ill take all the help i can i have never been this down before its just strange asking for things.
text:Thanks as you just lifted my spirits also.	labels:no problem and thanks for everything and thanks for listening.
text:This has been a tough year for all. Just keep praying.	labels:definitely will.
text:Hey I am a dad and grandpa. That is what grandpas do. But really check out Dream Works.	labels:well thank you mr grandpa lol.
text:She even recommends work for teens.	labels:n i will i have it on another tab as soon as im done here im going there to check it out. my daughter definitely nds a job shes getting expensive.
text:OK Good night.	labels:gn. n merry early christmas.
text:Merry Christmas to your family.	labels:thank you gn.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhello, how are you today?	labels:I'm doing okay today. Been sad because my dog died.
text:are you there?	labels:Hello? yes. I am typing. can't you see?
text:I can now... they all popped up at once.	labels:ok. bad connection.
text:I am so sorry... How old was your dog? I have a great Pyrenees.	labels:she would have been 15 next month. Great Pyrenees are beautiful. Mine was a fox terrier chihuahua mix.
text:I am so sorry. I cant even imagine how sad you are right now. Was she sick?	labels:She was blind and suffering from dementia.
text:Bless her heart. How long ago was this?	labels:She was starting to walk in circles and standing in corners like she had no idea where she was. I couldn't keep watching her do that anymore so I had her put to sleep, but I miss her so much. on saturday.
text:sometimes just talking about it can help with the grieving process. I have lost a pet, but not one that was mine in adulthood..	labels:Before she went blind she was so loving and playful. After she went blind she started to sleep a lot.
text:It sounds like she had a long happy life.. 15 is pretty old. This is the hardest part about having pets. Poor thing. How long had she been blind?. Were you able to be there with her?	labels:They never live long enough. I had her brother too. He died 7 years ago. He got out on the road and hit by a car/ She went blind early in the spring. I held her while the vet gave her the shots.
text:I'm so sorry this has happened. Some say getting another one helps. I have never been through it but do you think it would? I would think it would take time to be able to but some people get another dog really fast.	labels:I have been thinking about it. I haven't made up my mind yet though.
text:ugh, it sounds so hard. My dog is 2 and just had a birthday. I made him a meatloaf birthday cake. I cant imagine how you feel. Maybe volunteering at a local shelter would help?..I really hope you feel better soon.	labels:Being around dogs would probably help. Thank you for your time. It does help to talk. I'm going to go now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, can I help you with any today?. *anything. I am happy to talk to you about any problem that you might be having?	labels:I am having such a difficult time today!!!
text:Can you tell me what is going on? I should be able to help you.	labels:I think that my boyfriend is cheating on me again!!!
text:Are you saying that he has cheated on you before? That does not sound very promising..	labels:He has but it was a long time ago and was before we had a talk about exclusivity in our relationship but it still hurt.
text:Have you considered getting some sort of couples counselling? Or do you just think that he is never going to change?.	labels:We tried counselling once.. It was online and we got paid to do it.. I don't think he took it seriously at the time. He always said he felt like he was being attacked..
text:I am sorry to hear that. So you feel that he is not really taking your problems as a couple seriously?.	labels:Yes. I feel he thinks of me as some sort of trophy and he does not have to work now that he won me over in the first place.
text:I have been in toxic relationships before and to be honest it does sound a little as though this is one of those situations..	labels:I have been as well but this time was supposed to be different. At first everything was great but now things are so distant I just don't know what to do next.
text:Do you feel that perhaps it might be time to move on? People who will cheat twice are pretty unlikely to ever change their ways..	labels:That is true. But now we have a kid together and I feel like it would break her heart to lose her dad.
text:Ah you did not mention that! Maybe for the sake of your child it might be worth going to counselling again then..	labels:Maybe but a place that we won't get paid to go... I think he thought of it as a job or something. I got a lot out of the experience and still use the skills to this day. But with a unresponsive partner those skills will not work. Can you recomend a good site to find affordable services?
text:You could ask your doctor to recommend something that will not cost you too much but will be effective?.	labels:That is a great idea I had not thought of asking my dr.
text:They should be able to provide you with a list of reputable services local to you .. I hope that I have managed to be of some use to you today!.	labels:absolutely best advice I have gotten in a while. It was nice talking to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello though, how has life been treating you lately?.	labels:It's been a pretty crazy year. I'm mostly bummed because of my work..
text:It has been a really weird year hasn't it? Don't worry, I think it's been the same for all of us. Would you like to tell me more details?.	labels:Sure, when covid hit my company did a round of layoffs and also cut everyone else's pay by 10%... I was bummed but I kind of understood because I knew our business would be impacted by closures. I found out recently that my boss (the VP) is intentionally making our impact seem worse so he can keep our salaries reduced and overall cost lower so that he can get a higher bonus next year.
text:That really sucks! I can understand why you are angry and anxious about this and you have every right to be! Are there any official routes that you can use to complain?.	labels:I work in supply chain and I see the actual sales numbers and realized 4 months ago that we were actually on track to exceed our plans, even with the covid reductions. a few weeks later I heard him tell our sales director to keep the numbers artificially low so that they will both get their bonuses. I don't think so... He's the VP there isn't anyone I can go to above him.
text:That is genuinely unfair. Have you looked into getting free - or low cost at least - advice about making a formal complaint? It really should not be legal for your boss to be taking advantage of workers like this.	labels:I don't know if it is or not... I used my EAP benefit through work where you can talk to a councilor for free (5 visits) and they said that it's unfortunate but they didn't think it was illegal..
text:I am very sorry to hear that, that sounds extremely unfair to me. Have you considered looking for another job? I realise it's a very difficult time to be looking for work right now though.	labels:yeah, it's tough.. I don't know if anyone is hiring. because of the timing like you mentioned.. I've looked a little bit though.
text:I really can't wait for this year to be over! It's been so awful. Do you suppose anyone at all has had a good year?.	labels:haha I don't know... I'm sure someone has... heck the VP is getting a Bonus... so I'm sure he'd say he's having a good year.
text:Well yes fair point! Us poorer people are not doing very well though!. Have you tried to talk with any of your coworkers about this? I would suggest that it might help..	labels:Amen. That's a good call, I've got a work buddy who I feel somewhat comfortable talking with. I may try and reach out to him.
text:I really think you should. You have a legitimate grievance and being able to discuss it with people who understand might help a lot..	labels:I feel a little guilty about sharing what I know because I almost feel like ignorance is bliss at this point. But then I feel guilty for keeping that info.
text:I feel that people have the right to know what is being done and will be happy you told them..	labels:I agree and I think you're right. I appreciate you chatting with me about this.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?\ni am good thank you how are you doing? how may I help you today?	labels:I'm ok. I'm having a hard time communicating with my husband.
text:what seems to be making it hard to communicate with him?	labels:Every time we talk about anything we get into an argument it feels like that anyway.
text:how long has this been going on?	labels:We never fight over anything big its always so stupid. Its always someone being rude or their tone wasnt right. But i feel put down and unheard.. We have been together 6 years. I want to find some kind of at home work shop or things to do. It sounds stupid but its really becoming a problem and we will divorce after christmas if we cant figure it out.
text:i can understand how you are feeling. have you tried to talk to him and tell him about how you are feeling about when you two argue.	labels:yes.
text:Communication is key in a marriage without that the marriage will start to fail and I do not want to see that happen.	labels:We always agree and nothing ever changes.
text:you two need to sit down and have a serious discussion about the way your marriage is going.	labels:You're right. I'll do that.
text:have you two ever considered seeing a marriage counselor? don't feel put down or let it get to you because as long as you trying in a marriage that is what matters and just keep trying.	labels:We have but I would be super uncomfortable. He says hes for it then changes his mind. I think I'll talk to him about it again. Thank you you have been very helpful.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi how are you?	labels:Im not doing very well at all.
text:What's going on?	labels:I am very stressed out with my work. I feel like I am being over worked but I also feel stuck at this job.
text:I know the feeling. what do you do for work?	labels:I am a lab assistant.
text:how long have you been in your role? and do you have any coworkers that feel similar to you that you know about?	labels:I have been in this role for about a year. I am the only one at this level. I take care of a lot of the productivity and logistical work. Im just really stressed recently.
text:Somewhat similarly I'm in a supply chain role, for a year now, and the only one at my level too. I often feel like I'm alone in my job and that I manage my boss... It's pretty frustrating. is there anything that makes your job less stressful?	labels:I think that being able to have a better work life balance would help but I have a hard time talking to my boss.
text:do you think your boss would be receptive if you did talk to them? or would they dismiss your concerns?	labels:I am unsure. They are very much all about work. I am afraid they wont see my point and understand my want for a better work life balance.
text:This has been a pretty hard year for everyone. however you ultimately gotta do whats best for you.. Have you considered searching for a new job?	labels:I have but it is hard to find a job at this time. I also really like what I do but wish I could have more balance. Do you have any advice for how to balance stress at work and your life outside of work?
text:I'm in the same boat. I would say, the things that work best for me, are to take breaks during my work day and go for walks or as soon as I'm done with work I force myself to go for a walk. I find moving helps me feel better. I also use that time to think about how I can look for a new job or rethink the things that are bothering me. maybe you can try something similar?	labels:I think I could try that. I have a hard time detaching from work especially working from home. I feel like I never really 'leave' the office. I am always working even when I normally wouldnt be..
text:Change the scenery, it'll help! plus movement releases endorphins which make you feel better..	labels:Thank you! I will try that.	episode_done:True
text:hi there, is there anything you'd like to talk about today?.	labels:Yes, I am feeling very anxious about my school work lately..
text:I see, so your main worry is about academic pressure?. Is there a specific aspect that you are focusing on?.	labels:Yes, I am focusing on my grades and the pressure I feel from my mom.
text:Have you been performing below your normal standard this year?.	labels:she wants me to get all A's. I feel she has too high of expectations sometimes, which makes me feel like I need to perfect my assignments and spend all this time on them. No, I do well, it just causes me a great amount of stress.
text:I hear you, I have been in a similar situation. Parents sometimes do not realise just how much pressure they are putting on their children to be perfect..	labels:I feel like as long as I am meeting the requirements and am passing, she should be proud of my accomplishments.. She should be proud I am even going to college.
text:Exactly! there is nothing at all wrong with not being a straight A student.. Have you tried to tell her how you feel about her behaviour and attitude towards your studies?	labels:Exactly. I feel like there is this society stereotype of needing straight A's otherwise you are a failure or something. A bit, but she uses the "I pay for your education" card. Which makes sense, but still, I know I am doing well so it's just a lot at times.
text:Absolutely not. There is nothing wrong with not being perfect. And she has no right to emotionally manipulate you by mentioning money..	labels:I agree, but she does have money over my head, which sucks. Don't get me wrong, I am very grateful for her financial support, but she uses it to manipulate me at times.
text:Are there any scholarships or hardship funds that you could potentially look into applying for?.	labels:Yes, I have received multiple scholarships, but nothing that will make a dent in the tuition.. College is too expensive.
text:Ah, it is very expensive isn't it? I understand, I am still paying off my loans! But it should be worth it in the end. One day you could get a job working for Amazon!.	labels:That's what I keep telling myself, but I have this overarching fear that I will be in debt forever then.
text:Debt is a very scary thing to experience, I know. I do worry a lot about it sometimes too so you are not alone..	labels:That makes me feel better.
text:The main thing is, do you enjoy your studies and consider them worthwhile?.	labels:yes, somewhat, but who loves school?
text:I really did enjoy University .. I made a lot of friends and it was a good learning experience. I hope you feel a bit the same?.	labels:S. Somewhat, but all I feel I have time for is the school work. not the social aspect so much.
text:I think that you need to be easier on yourself. Do you have many friends?.	labels:some.
text:Are you able to confide in your friends about your situation and your worries?.	labels:Yes at times, which makes things a little better in the moment.
text:Do you feel that your friends are able to empathise with your situation? Are any of them going through the same thing?.	labels:they all have more independence and pay for their own things, so they can't really relate to me. That is where I feel behind in life than everyone else.
text:Would it be possible for you to get a part time job of some description? Maybe bar tending or working in a restaurant?.	labels:That gives me social anxiety, which is something I also struggle with greatly..	episode_done:True
text:covid has made the New York job market terrible.\nHello.	labels:hi.
text:Are you currently looking for a job?	labels:Partially but it's tough as fear of getting infected as well.
text:So just to clarify, you are having issues with the job market and fear of getting infected by COVID and it is making you anxious.	labels:oh yes that's it exactly.
text:I understand this completely, as I have been working in grocery stores since the pandemic began so it has made me very anxious about contracting the disease.	labels:And next year I think will be like now. I thought the worse was over but it's not. It feels like March job market wise..
text:Just from these few messages I can tell you are very anxious about this.	labels:Yes and the news shows recent weeks cases of Covid going up again. That's very upsetting.
text:I have also been very worried about the rise in cases. Are you currently working?	labels:I don't trust the vaccine either, do you?. Just online gigs but not a job per se.
text:Honestly, I am worried about the vaccine as well. I would like to see the side affects before I take it,	labels:The same or long term studies. They skipped animal testing. All red flags to me. what if it screws us all up taking it?
text:If those online gigs are enough to make ends meet currently, I would continue to work those and wait until the pandemic situation improves and then go look into the job market.	labels:Yes thanks good idea. I just hope it can at least keep paying the bills. It's tough to barely get by a month. But it's better then being homeless.. I don't think the job market or world will return to normal next year, do you?	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, is there anything on your mind at the moment?.	labels:Hello. I’m hoping you can help me as I’m having a hard time recharging. I can’t seem to take a day off without working,
text:So you feel that you need to be able to relax and unwind once in a while but you can't?.	labels:I also seem then have trouble doing family time with my job demands. Yes. I seem to work 24/7 and can’t shut it off.
text:Ah that can be a problem. Is this causing problems or tensions within your relationships?.	labels:A little I feel stressed all the time.
text:I have experienced something similar. I found myself getting short tempered and taking things out on my loved ones..	labels:Yes exactly. I need help balancing it all out. And saying no at work while still progressing in my career.
text:Have you considered any kind of counselling to talk through these feelings? There are some organisations around that will offer help for free. Perhaps honestly talking things through with your partner would really help you both too..	labels:I don’t have time for thst. Or feel that I don’t have time for it.
text:I hear you saying that you are putting your work ahead of everything else in your life, is that correct?.	labels:Yes I do think with my partner would help.. Yes that is correct but my job supports all the bills.
text:Nonetheless, there is no need to make it the entire focus of your life, especially if it is impacting on other aspects of it..	labels:Yes but I guess I’m trying to find that balance and struggling.
text:Do you feel that you have to hit unrealistic goals and meet unrealistic expectations?.	labels:Oh yes all the timr.
text:I personally sometimes find it difficult not to be too hard on myself. Sometimes I have to remind myself to relax and have fun once in a while..	labels:Yes I would agree with you there. It feels harder to escape and have a fun night right now.
text:It has been a very hard year for everyone, I know and I sympathise. Can you think of one specific thing you'd really like to do that might cheer you up?.	labels:Get together with friends and explore a new restaurant. Which isn’t possible yet.
text:That sounds like a really fun thing to do! Can you plan one evening soon where you and  your friends will do this and you will promise yourself that you won't cancel in favour of work?.	labels:The issue is I can’t with covid.
text:Ah yes that is a big problem. Are restaurants closed where you are?. What about getting together with just a couple of friends for a picnic?.	labels:I like that idea but it’s 30 here. Maybe something like that or a walk with some spiked drinks.
text:I think that the important thing is to get out of the office and have some human contact. I do agree that it's a really miserable time of year for it though.	labels:Yes. Human contact and ideally in person would so help.
text:I hope I have been able to give you a little perspective on your problems! Is there something else you'd like to talk to me about today?.	labels:I think you have helped step back. Sometimes when you are in the middle of it you can’t find a way out..
text:That is very true. Try and remember that there is light at the end of the tunnel.. Thanks for talking and have a lovely rest of day!.	labels:Thank you. You too. I guess I should go try to be present with my family.. Please enjoy your day.	episode_done:True
text:I am sad.\nI am really sorry to hear that. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I am really embarased that I am now getting food from food banks.
text:I see .. so you feel that you are not able to support yourself or your family and this makes you ashamed?.	labels:yes, and the looks that people give me now hurt.
text:I know how you feel, I have been forced to use food banks during the pandemic too. You should not feel ashamed!.	labels:thank you, but it seems like a slow slippery slope if I am not careful.
text:What is your employment situation at the moment? Do you work in an essential worker capacity?	labels:I have no job thus no money for food.
text:I am very sorry. Have you visited any other agencies that might be able to offer some form of help? There are several.	labels:really can you list some other resourcs.
text:Well there is the Citizen's Advice Bureau. They have helped me a couple of times when I was at a low point..	labels:thanks anything else.
text:They will be able to give you a list of other places that can help. I suggest you book an appointment with them tomorrow..	labels:ok thank you I kind of feel better.
text:Do you have people in your life who are being supportive? A partner, friends?.	labels:I have no one so it is nice to connect with someone thanks.
text:I know it's hard but do try to remember that there are lots of other people in the same situation. It's a very difficult time for the whole world..	labels:yes you are very understanding.
text:Are you trying to find work right now?.	labels:I am but every is in lockdown so it is hard.
text:would you be prepared to lower your expectations and perhaps take a different kind of work than you used to?.	labels:I am at the lowest expectation level already.
text:Well on the plus side then the only way you can go is up :).	labels:that's the best way to think thanks.
text:Let's hope that next year will bring better times for all of us..	labels:stay safe. agreed have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how may i help you today?	labels:Hello, I'm just having a tough couple of weeks in my marriage..
text:What seems to be going on in your marriage?	labels:our main problem is communication. We cant talk about anything without one of us getting mad. Its become a habit.
text:I can understand how you are feeling marriage is hard for some.	labels:I need to find some free workshops or something. I think we would both be uncomfortable with therapy. I have looked but cant find any good cheap options..
text:Communication is key in a marriage.	labels:I think we are both willing to end it if we cant get along but both want to fix it but dont know where to start. We have lived together for 6 years but only recently gotten married. Are you married?
text:do not let this get the best of you. there are ups and downs in marriage but you have to be able to work through all that with your partner. no i am not married but one day i do want to get married.	labels:My parents are going through a divorce right now. They were together for 25 years.. my dad has been my step dad since I was two. She went to rehab and they were planning to renew their vows when she got out. She left him for a guy she met in rehab..
text:I know you will two will be able to work through this together.	labels:Thanks.
text:I am sorry to hear and i understand how you are feeling my parents recently got a divorce.	labels:Yeah i think its bothering me more than I realized.
text:i can understand but you know you just have to move on with life and not let that get in the way especially your marriage. both of you need to try to sit down and have a talk about the marriage and let your partner know how you are feeling and see how your partner is feeling. without communication then it will be hard to get through a marriage.	labels:youre right.
text:when there is no communication then that is when the trouble starts and the marriage starts failing.	labels:We have. We cant talk about whats for dinner without an argument these days.
text:find the right time to talk to your partner and just explain to your feelings towards what is going on and let your partner know you do not like what is going on.	labels:You're right. Thanks for the advice..
text:if that does not help try to seek help from a marriage counselor i have heard they have saved many marriages from failing.	labels:Ok I will. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:hi there.\nHello! How are you doing?.	labels:I'm not doing so good at the moment. I'm feeling very stressed and burned out from work.
text:That sounds very frustrating. Is this a recent development at your job?.	labels:It's been building up for a while now, but it's really starting to get a but overwhelming.
text:I can understand how that can have an effect on your mental well-being. Have you spoken to your supervisor about your frustrations at work?.	labels:I have, but sometimes I feel like she doesn't really listen and she sort of talks over me a lot.
text:It sounds like you don't feel listened to..	labels:That's right... I guess that is quite a lot of the problem. I don't mind so much the work, I know it is busy for everyone right now, it's a combination of the workload plus not being listened to.
text:I had a similar issue at my last job. My supervisor constantly spoke over me in meetings, and it would drive me crazy. I never could get a word in edge-wise..	labels:Yeah, that sounds a lot like what I am experiencing.
text:Are you considering switching jobs?.	labels:It's been in the back of my mind, but it's a hard time just now with everything else going on.
text:Absolutely. It's a rough time job searching under the best of circumstances..	labels:It is.
text:Have you tried reaching out to anyone in your network to look for a new position? It helped me when I was previously job searching..	labels:I haven't, but it might be worth getting in touch with some people.
text:Absolutely. I also spoke with a therapist before and it helped me a lot.. Have you considered reaching out to a professional to talk to?.	labels:I did consider that, but aren't they expensive?
text:They can be, but many local governments and municipalities have therapists that work on a sliding scale if the financial aspect of therapy is a concern.. Therapy can definitely be a large expense though..	labels:It might be worth it in the long run though I guess, if it helps how I am feeling.
text:If it helps to reframe the expense, you can try to think of it as an investment in your mental health..	labels:Yes, that sounds like a more positive way of thinking of it.
text:The therapist could likely give you some tools to help manage the frustrations at your workplace more constructively..	labels:Yes, I imagine they will have come across this before so will be able to help.
text:Absolutely. I hope that you're able to find some peace at your workplace with your boss..	labels:Thank you, you have helped a lot. Helped give me some ideas to try to help.	episode_done:True
text:As my coworker and I start to fill her role, I am worried I am not getting all of the information that I need.\nI'm sorry. I know how anxious I would feel if I thought I wasn't getting the necessary training to do a job well. Have you talked to your co-worker or your manager about your concerns?	labels:Not yet. They hadn't talked with us prior today. I am worried I do not have a lot of time and I do not want to seem overanxious.
text:I completely understand how you are feeling. I think that being proactive with management and letting them know your concerns in a positive way could emphasize that you take your job seriously and want to excel..	labels:Thanks. You don't think it seems needy? Or like I'm telling them what to do?
text:New jobs and roles are always cause for anxiety. Just being concerned shows what a good employee you are. I think they are lucky to have you!	labels:Thanks, that means a lot. Should I email them my concerns or is this a face-to-face meeting?
text:Honestly, I from my own experience, which doesn't include management, I think it's all about the approach. As long as you are not negative and don't sound like you are complaining or telling them how to do their jobs you should be fine!	labels:Thank you. I will talk with them tomorrow, or if they call me today.
text:I would start with an email. This is just my opinion, but with how busy they must be getting people up to speed with training, an email is always a great place to start..	labels:Thanks. I don't want to seem passive aggresssive, and I care about how I am perceived so that is a good idea.
text:Have confidence in yourself as well! Chances are, others are struggling too..	labels:Thank you. I have tried to talk with others in the district to see how they are doing and most are ok.
text:Again, at the risk of being repetitive, it's all about the tone! I recently underwent group training. It was online since we are all working virtually. There were a couple of "whiners and know-it-alls" and you could tell from the start. You don't seem that way at all!	labels:Thank you. I try to be part of a larger team and I hope they can see that. I just want to do what is best for the organization.
text:Good luck! I'm certainly not an expert, but honestly wanting to perform your job well is a positive trait and the sign of a leader. Focus on yourself! You sound like someone that any good manager would want on their team.	labels:Thanks. I hope they see it that way! Your adviec was really appreciated.
text:I wish you the best of luck with the rest of training! You are going to do great!	labels:Thank you. Anything else I should know?
text:I think you are doing everything you need to do. Can I help you with any other questions or is there anything else you'd like to talk about?	labels:No, thanks for your help!
text:Keep up the great work! Good luck, and start with a short email. That's my advice anyways, but do what feels right. Have a great night!	labels:You too. I will start the email now!	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:Hi. My supervisor recently resigned and she reports to a board. I want her job but I am fearful the board does not see me as a viable option to replace her.
text:Just so I understand, your supervisor recently quit and you'd like to apply for her job but you're worried you won't be accepted?	labels:Yes. I have only been with this orgnization for about 2 years and I want to position myself as a viable candidate without seeming needy or desperate.
text:I'm sure they won't see you as needy or desperate if you've been with the company for 2 years already. Have you initiated the conversation with the board already?	labels:No. This just happened last week so I am trying to keep all of the balls in the air. I was thinking about talking with them Wednesday this week. They are meeting on Thursday.
text:That is a good idea. I would go over your resume and spruce it up before talking to them on Wednesday to add in anything pertinent that you might have learned or achieved during your time with the company these last two years. Make sure the day you approach them that you're well rested, clean and put together. Google some confidence stances and pay attention to your posture. Even if you're feeling nervous there are ways to hide it and appear confident..	labels:Wow, that's really good advice. Thanks. I didn't think about updating my resume, and I really should have thought about it.
text:No problem, I hope it helps..	labels:Should I talk with my coworker about it? He does not want that job.
text:If you feel that he might be able to provide more advice then sure..	labels:I just don't want him to think I am trying to weasle my way in..
text:If he isn't interested in the job himself I'm sure he wouldn't see it that way. It is natural for people to try to move up in a company when a job opening appears, especially in these current times. If you don't go for it then someone else will.	labels:He does not want it. I was hoping I at least his support. He does support me. And thanks. I appreciate the insight.
text:Having support in the workplace would be very helpful. If he truly does not want the job himself perhaps you could approach him about a memo or something that would back you? Something you can add to your resume from a peer that shows your initiative.	labels:That would be a good idea. I was also thinking about talking with HR about it. We're a small company so that is only 1 person.
text:That could benefit you as well..	labels:I was also going to talk with everyone in her office, which is only 2 people. I am worried about gossip though.
text:Unless you're known for doing bad things in the office I wouldn't sweat the gossip honestly. People are either going to support you or be jealous, either way I wouldn't let the talk get to you.. Do you feel like you're ready to tackle the tasks needed to prepare yourself for approaching the board Wednesday?	labels:I think so. I am not a gossip nor do I want to. Thanks for your help! Any other thoughts?
text:I would say maybe try some meditation or something to calm and center yourself. If you feel ready earlier than Wednesday then follow your intuition. You've got this!	labels:Thanks! I appreciate your help!	episode_done:True
text:I am worried that my Director played a game she was not able to play, got caught, and was forced to resign. I am not sure what that means for me. Any help would be appreciated.\nCan you explain to me what exactly kind of game it was?	labels:It was a political game where she isolated the president and made him no longer support her. It was quite a misstep on her part.
text:ok so your director played a game she was not allowed to play and she got caught playing it and quit her job is that correct?	labels:Yes. She got put on a performance improvement plan and responded poorly. She was forcced to resign.
text:So you are scared that you might get in trouble?	labels:Not in trouble but vulnerable because she hired me. Will her boss see me as part of the problem?
text:I am so sorry you are going through this and i know how you are feeling .	labels:Thanks. It's been weird. I just met with two of the board today to go over where the organization is.
text:you should not have anything to worry about as long as you did not play the game then you will be fine and you will not get in trouble or your boss will not see that as a problem.	labels:Thanks. I tried to just support her privately and seem neutral publicly. I did like her too. I thought she was good.
text:I would just suggest you to have no contact with her right now until all this passes.	labels:I text her to see how she was doing but haven't text with her since Friday. Any other ideas?
text:I would also have a talk with your boss about the situation and let him know how you are feeling.	labels:I also want her job. Does that seem weird to talk with him about that too?
text:Did you see your director playing the game? I would not bring up about you wanting her job just yet give it a couple of days.	labels:No, her boss did not play the game. He actually pulled out and let others handle it so he didn't seem biased. She overplayed her hand.
text:I can see this is a tough being in a situation like this.	labels:Yeah. I have never been this high in an organization so I just don't know what to do. I am hoping someone outside the organization might have a better view of what I should do.
text:As long as you did nothing wrong then i am sure you will be just fine.	labels:Thanks. Your help is appreciated.
text:do not let the situation get the best of you everything will be just fine.	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:I could be better. How about U?
text:I am doing well. Whats bothering you?	labels:A friend screwed me out of money and a business venture. I am no longer friends with her. We were really close before this.
text:Oh no! I am so sorry that has happened to you. That must feel like such a betrayal. Can you tell me more about it?.	labels:It does. I've known her for 14 years and we dated. I invested a lot of money in a business she wanted to do. She took the money and ran.
text:Dating can definitely complicate things.. Oh my gosh..... that is horrible. Surely there is something you can do to try to get your money back.	labels:What do you suggest?
text:Did you sign anything? or have proof of what happened?	labels:No. Other than the money I transferred to her. Hello?
text:What was the business? It depends on your location but I'm sure just on the transaction alone that shows some kind of intent. or text messages saying it was for a specific purpose?	labels:A cat cafe. Where you can hang out and work or drink with adoptable cats from the local shelter.
text:If you gave her a large amount of money and have any kind of messages about it I would look into trying to get it back.	labels:I gave her 80K. No messages. It was all done in person. Do you think I should get a lawyer and call the cops?
text:I would seek the advice of a lawyer. I'm sorry this has happened thats horrible..	labels:It is. I don't want to go to the police. I think they are all corrupt and raciest..
text:I would say 80K is worth speaking to a lawyer about it. I'm sorry you are so conflicted. I would not call the police because you willingly gave it to her. I would hire a lawyer to handle it.	labels:That's great advice. I will do that. I have a mutual friend that is a lawyer.
text:I would not talk to a mutual friend about this at all....	labels:Ok. Thanks for all the advise..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?	labels:The season has me down.. No family around.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Are you finding time to do things you enjoy by yourself? Any hobbies?	labels:trying to work and write but lack motivation.
text:It sounds like you are feeling some lethargy in this cold season, and feel as though you have no support from your family..	labels:I don't talk to anyone.
text:Do you have any plans to spend Christmas with family or friends? That may help to break the cycle of feeling low?	labels:I live in a hotel currently. No family or friends around, especially with the virus.
text:What do you do for work? Are you able to get out of the hotel frequently?	labels:I am a writer. Witht he virus it is hard to meet anyone. i am only here until next week then I have to go to Virignia. My children r all over the country.
text:I agree, it is hard to spend time with people at the moment. We are all finding ourselves spending a lot more time alone than we are used to. Perhaps you could all plan an event for next year when we will hopefully be less restricted. It would be good to have something positive to look forward to.	labels:I try the dating sites, but they seem to far away or impersonal. Hope things are better. Just the current season ahs me down.
text:Yes, I can see that. Keep in touch with your family and try to think of positive, happy times you can all have together in the future..	labels:No verbal communication makes it hard.
text:Can you call them?	labels:I try but the loneliness is the hard part.
text:It sounds like this loneliness is really getting to you and you are struggling to see a way forwards. As you are a writer could you perhaps try to make some online friends in forums?	labels:It is just the lack of communication.
text:I hear you.. Perhaps you could call one of your children now? See if they'd like to catch-up?	labels:without any communication it makes it seem like a battle alone. My daughter is busy and 3 hours away. different time zones amke it hard.
text:Maybe schedule in a call with her for the future? I have been making time to speak with my family every Tuesday, it gives us something to look forward to each week.	labels:Children can only share so much. I chat with her, but the timing is off.
text:What are your plans in Virginia?	labels:Find a place to live for awhile. I have to take care of a legal matter.
text:Well that sounds as though it will give you something to focus on.	labels:I just want a person to chat with that we can share with each other. Children r ok to chat with but lack of a female to spend time with is hard.
text:Perhaps once you get to Virginia you could seek out some groups or activities to find some new friends.	labels:Unfortunately the virus stopping people.
text:It is very hard at the moment. But things will improve, keep communication with your family for now and when the time is right in Virginia you can start to look for new friends to spend time with in your new home..	labels:Ok well thanks for the chat. I will let you go. Be Blessed.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi! How's it going today?	labels:am somewhat fine.
text:That doesn't sound super positive?	labels:so my almost supposedly wife ran out on me on our wedding.
text:What's going on? What made her do this?	labels:so now am back in our apartment reminiscing all the times we had. that's my question too, I don't know why she left. Maybe she had been cheating and ran to her man but why wait till the wedding day. if she had a problem she could tell me before that.
text:Not knowing why must be hard, this sounds like it was more of her problem than yours. That's a terrible thing to do to you.	labels:i don't know what to do, should i call her or just wait till she is ready to explain.
text:I think she definitely owes you an explanation for what she's done. That was the worst way for her to do that.	labels:should i move places because this place has too many memories, should i burn her things or send them to her family. well she hasnt bothered to look for me so far and its been a week.
text:Time will help with some of that. Once you're able to make new memories in your apartment it won't be so unbearable. But maybe her hurting you this way means you don't need that explanation because she simply wasn't right for you.	labels:and she couldn't say no when i proposed or any day before the wedding.
text:As much as it hurts, it sounds like you're better off without her.	labels:easier said but i guess so. i just want this year to end now.
text:Unfortunately this year has been less than ideal in more ways than one.	labels:i know,  what a year. i just thought this will make this year atleast better after everything.
text:I can understand, it was something to finally look forward to. Unfortunately, everyone is dealing with all of these emotions differently and it was just too much for her. And it's hard to talk to people about our feelings because everyone is in the same or worse situation with the pandemic.	labels:exactly. Everyone is worn out. plus i wouldn't want to add to their worries especially family.
text:Right, but it is worth talking to someone. I always feel guilty until I finally start talking and then it ends up being a support system between both parties. Not just me dumping my problems on someone else.	labels:you are probably right. Thanks this was actually helpful.
text:Glad to hear it, hopefully with time this will all make sense for you.	labels:i pray so too. you have a lovely afternoon.	episode_done:True
text:Good day. How is the weather?	labels:cold and snowy here.
text:Not to warm here. Where do you live.	labels:PA.
text:That is a cold state. How can I help you today?	labels:going through a depression due to a job loss.
text:That is understandable. Was it because of the virus.	labels:No. I was hurt at work.
text:PA got hit hard with the virus.	labels:yep.
text:were you covered by workman's comp.	labels:yeah. I went to court due to it but they sided with the employer so I lost my job.
text:I am in Georgia heading to Virginia. Heavy virus there.	labels:which?
text:How bad were you injured.	labels:i have permanent spinal injuries.
text:Virginia is hard hit.	labels:hopefully vaccine is avail soon.
text:Wow and the court sided with the employer.	labels:yeah they paid a dr to say i wasn't injured.
text:You can draw unemployment and disability.	labels:i applied for disability but didn't get it.
text:Did you have a lawyer yourself.	labels:yes. had my own dr stating i was injured but it didn't matter.
text:Social Security stopped you. Why?	labels:i'm not injured enough for them.
text:You can file against the company if you can prove neglect in the employer. .. Were there proper safety guards.	labels:I tried but since it is the state of PA they have immunity. no.
text:So it was a state injury, there must be an avenue you can use to prove neglect..	labels:I was told that I assumed the risk of injury working for them. It was a mental hospital.
text:have you contacted OSHA and filed a complaint with them?	labels:not yet. I should.
text:There should be an avenue for you to seek compensation.	labels:The lawyer fought with them for over a year. There was even an appeal but I lost that too.
text:It is unfortunate that safety is not a factor. It was a state hospital?	labels:yes.
text:Did a patient attack you?	labels:yes.
text:There must be liability concerning your injury..	labels:I can't go after the patient because they are mentally incompetent so I'm out of ideas.
text:But what about the family?	labels:I don't know if the person had one anymore..
text:Is the patient a ward of the state.	labels:yes.
text:So the patient's family either gave the person up or the patient was placed there by the state right?	labels:he was placed there by the court after committing a crime.
text:. Then he must be a threat to other people. It seems the state should be held liable for negligence..	labels:Oh I agree. There were many dangerous patients there and no recourse for the staff. I was injured 5 times in the years I worked there. This last one was the end for me. I couldn't work anymore due to pain.
text:Can you work from home for yourself?	labels:I have been applying for those kind of jobs but haven't had any luck yet.
text:There are companies hiring..	labels:I've been trying since June. I had a few interviews but no offers yet. It's been nice chatting with you. Thank you. My computer is almost dead now so I need to end this.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! What can I do to help?	labels:Hello, I'm not sure if there is any help? Without knowing when I can return to work, I will probably remain anxious about the unknown.
text:I'm glad to speak to you today. It sounds like you are having anxious thoughts. Can you tell me more?	labels:i am self employed, selling event tickets on the internet, but because of covid, all events are postponed until it is safe to gather in large numbers.
text:I can understand how you might feel anxious. There are lots of uncertainties right now. I am sorry you are going through this.. Are you able to find work or help from the government?	labels:thank you; fortunately, i have been able to collect unemployment assistance, especially created for self employed people during this difficult time. however, that is due to expire in a few weeks, so once again i am growing anxious about finances.
text:Living with uncertainties can make anyone feel anxious. Have you tried getting outdoors for a small walk or hike? .	labels:yes, I try to walk outdoors every day, for at least 30 minutes. it does help a lot. but with the weather turning colder, that may be difficult to continue.
text:It is so important during stressful life events to take care of our minds and bodies. It sounds like you have been making good choices! Have you reached out to family or friends for advice or perhaps help with supplemental employment?.	labels:not yet; it is very difficult for me to ask for help. But I may need to do so in the near future. I am fortunate to have a close network of family and friends that I can count on.
text:I am happy to hear you have support during this time..	labels:i would be open to seeking other employment online; work from home on the computer. any suggestions?
text:Luckily, there are many platforms online that allow you to work from home. I know of several that allow you to do side "gigs". Perhaps you can search and find a few of these.  I, myself have had success doing these..	labels:thanks! i will check it out. in the meantime, any other suggestions for dealing with anxiety?.
text:Many have found meditation helps relieve anxiety. Most importantly, if you find yourself feeling depressed or worsening symptoms, please contact your medical professional..	labels:ok will do; thanks again for all the helpful info.
text:It was nice speaking with you today.	labels:and you as well.. take care, and Happy Holidays!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, and how are you feeling today?	labels:so am having a hard time with my friends excluding me in everything because of my religious stance.
text:I have had a similar situation not long ago. It was hard, but once I told my friend it was bothering me, he changed his behavior. Hve you tried talking with your friend?	labels:i did tell them but mostly say that they feel uncomfortable cause i dont drink and do all those things.
text:It's good that you stood your ground. For that you should be proud.	labels:i hardly have friends and the two friends i have are treating me like am no longer one of them.
text:Have you considered, being more active in your religious community? It could be a great place to make friends.	labels:i am as active as i can be. they are friendly and supportive but right now they only ever socialize on church events or church. not really a friend i can confide in when facing hardship.
text:It definitely takes time developing new friendships. Have your tired inviting someone from church to hang out, outside of church event?	labels:no not really. I am trying to take time to at least get used to some in church first before anything. I wouldn't want an awkward silence when we are together..
text:Well that's great that you're taking those first steps. I believe that in due time those friendships will blossom. Patience is key.	labels:but does it make me a bad person giving up on my childhood friendships. should i try harder to make them see what am doing.
text:It also sounds to me like maybe you're over worrying. Have you considered seeing a movie where you wouldn't have to worry about awkward silence? Sometimes people just move on from one another. I personally wouldn't try to make these friends see what you are doing. I think you should focus on you, and look to the future..	labels:yes, movies like war room and break through or a case for Christ but will they like them, what if they don't and they just come so they can be nice. its hard but i guess its also true. i usually have a hard time leaving things behind but somethings just happen. Thank you for your insights.
text:It doesn't hurt to ask what movie they would be interested in seeing. Maybe you can come to a mutual agreement! You're very welcome. If you need anything else just ask.	labels:of course your right. I worry too much about details. Thank you this has been helpful. Thank you I kind of feel  a bit relieved. someone telling me its okay to let go.
text:I would suggest letting things happen as naturally as possible! And yes, it's okay to move on and live a life that makes YOU happy!	labels:Thank you so much and stay blessed.
text:You too!	labels: you have a blessed afternoon.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:well, my husband of 25 years left me last week. My life is done now.
text:That's terrible, I'm sorry to hear that. You're life isn't done, it's just a new start. It's scary for sure but you have a lot more to you than your ex husband.	labels:well, I cannot say it is a new start when I will be 90 in March.
text:Then you've definitely got a lot going for you if you're 90!	labels:Had.
text:Why did he leave you?	labels:He wanted a younger woman.  His new girlfriend is 63. He is 45.
text:It sounds like that is more of his problem then. You deserve someone that's better than leaving someone because of their age.	labels:I thought it would be nice to have a younger man when we got married.  He eventually told me he just married me for my money, and was waiting for me to pass so he could inherit all of it.  He said he got tired of waiting, so he moved on to someone else.
text:Personally, if that's how he felt, then you're better off. I know that doesn't stop the hurt you're feeling, but you are worth more than that.	labels:Now I am here alone.
text:Being single does not mean  you're completely alone. There are a lot of resources to talk to someone and make friends. Being single does not mean  you're completely alone. There are a lot of resources to talk to someone and make friends.	labels:I am looking on Tinder for a new friend, but nobody wants someone that is 90. I never used it before, but someone told me about it. Considering I haven't dated in 25 years.
text:Could you try something like Facebook or Instagram to connect with old friends or acquaintances?.	labels:What are those? I heard of them, but never used them. Most of my old friends are no longer around...
text:Social networks online, you can connect with family or old coworkers. And post pictures and see what other people are doing with their lives.	labels:I am looking for something quicker, I don't know how much longer I have.  I can't be spending months waiting for the right person.
text:So you're looking for a strictly romantic relationship?	labels:well....someone to spend time with. My great grandson said people meet others on Tinder now. Told me I should try it.  Have you heard of it or used it?
text:Can you go to the park? Maybe visit there to meet new people?	labels:Possibly.  My cats don't like to have a leash on them though.
text:I've never used it, not sure if Tinder is the right place to meet someone to spend time  with. Not always the best intentions.	labels:why?
text:People are not always who they say they are.	labels:oh that's scary...and dangerous.  Thank you for telling me that.  I will have a talk with my great grandson. I am going to try the park.  There have been some cute gentlemen feeding the birds there.  Maybe they want to talk.  Thank you for the help.	episode_done:True
text:i cant go back to uni due to finacial issue.\nGood afternoon. How may I assist you?	labels:good afternnon.
text:What is unit? Are talking school.	labels:as i stated i had to cut university short and i feel like am going to finish old.
text:What age are You?	labels:and i feel like school is my best chance to be someone and get out of the life we are in. mid twenties.
text:I understand your dilemma. I am in my 60s and desiring my degree as well.	labels:oh do you feel like you under achieved like you do better.
text:The COVID has put a lot of students is a bind..	labels:maybe but this is not the first time prosponding.
text:No I want to study a certain field. For better understanding of the Bible..	labels:oh that sounds great. sometimes i feel like God is my only ally and friend.
text:have you ever heard the phrase you are never to old to learn?	labels:Yes i have.
text:Yes He truly stands by you.	labels:i just hope he holds me through this too, i give myself hope that he let this happen for a reason.
text:I started going to college in 94 and still going..	labels:wow.
text:He will see you through just keep a positive attitude. what is your field of study?	labels:i think i would have given up or asked God what's his purpose with me cause i cant see it. computer engineering and information technology.
text:I know what I am after, just have to be persistent.. That is a good choice of study..	labels:i guess so. i pray i get that too, and not give up easily. Thank you.
text:Are you full time.	labels:yes i was. but next year am considering part time.
text:What about online classes that enable you to study and work also.	labels:pick up work. i had a scholarship but it got cancelled when my grades dropped a bit.
text:There are classes you can take that can fit your schedule.	labels:that's the plan next year. I have 2 more years to go.
text:But don't give up what you started. Take classes now. See what you need and take the classes that will enable you to keep gpoing.	labels:i wont though two years seem like forever right now. Actually started saving up now for school next year.
text:Just never give up. Two years will go by quickly if you keep attending. Look for grants that will assist you..	labels:i really will. am going to do my best to get my family out of this place and a better life. yea am looking for every possible help i can get. but thank you so much. This was helpful.
text:So keep applying yourself and reach for your goals. Have a good day.	labels:thank you. Have a blessed day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:I am feeling really down.
text:I'm sorry to hear you're feeling that way, what has you feeling this way?	labels:My husband and I have 4 kids. One of those children is a child from his previous marriage. We constantly argue about how he favors that child over our other 3.
text:Oh no, that's not good. Do the other kids see it as well?	labels:2 of the children are younger so they do not realize it but the other child is older and definitely notices..
text:Does your husband realize that the other child notices it and how it hurts them?	labels:I have told him but he is in denial of the whole situation..
text:Why do you think he favors that child? Is that child only with you part-time that he feels he needs to make the most of that time?	labels:The child is with us every other week and maybe that is why he treats him differently but my husband knows that it is causing problems in our relationship and refuses to change those behaviors. I just do not know what to do anymore.
text:Is there someone that's close to both of you that you could talk to, that way they can help him see that it's very apparent that he's treating him different?	labels:I suppose I could talk to his mother. But, I have reservations because I feel like she will side with him since it his her son.
text:Very true, and it would likely be better with someone no quite so close to the situation. But you also don't have to attack him to her, just lay out the facts. I understand the frustration, it's hard to see your kids hurting or feeling like they're not enough. Is this the biggest issue you guys are dealing with in your marriage? Or is it just another thing you're not getting along on?	labels:That is very true. This is our main issue. I suppose I need to find someone who is close to us both but not necessarily a family member..
text:Someone who has seen you interacting as a family and maybe has noticed it as well..	labels:Yes, that is a good idea. Thank you for all of your help. It makes me feel a little better just telling someone about the issue..
text:Sometimes just getting it off of your chest is all you need to reset. I'm glad that helped and I wish you luck in finding a solution.	labels:Very true. Thank you, have a wonderful day!
text:You too, stay safe!	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how can I help you today? Hello??	labels:hi ..my university is not conducting proper online classes. i am very scaring about my education and  subjects and exams. could you please help me out from this fear.
text:I see, that is a problem. yes for sure,	labels:yea . i need to get A in acdemics but nobody helping me in online classes.
text:I am a student too, and I can feel that its difficult to study online..	labels:i have to pay all my student loan if i got good score. wow , you are also facing ..yea its hard these days.
text:well, online study have its pros too , use Socratic app and get all your exams done lol. yes I'm a student too and just just one of my finals like 2 hours ago.	labels:is ist ..is that much good app. wow sounds good .is that free app or have to buy ?
text:yes it is actually and its free and also all of your online exams are open book, so you can always google anything you don't know. give it a try its an amazing app. where are you from?	labels:sounds really good dear. Is that shows all academic subjects. sure will try. how about collge fees ?
text:no, its just a kind of google. so you have to take picture of the question and it will google all the results for you.	labels:my campus job lost . i fight  very hard to pay all fee. wow it is a bible for us then, surely will check and write exams in it ..
text:ummm, fees give everyone a hard time I literally have to pay 8 grand which is due in a month lol.	labels:oh god, i barrow some money from all friends and paid and got loan on high interest..very hard times.
text:don't worry, everything will be good at the end.	labels:hope so , covid changed entire life.
text:true. where are you from? you didn't tell me.	labels:yea..from chicago.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there!	labels:Hi.
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Not too good, been pretty depressed lately.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it?	labels:Yeah, that would be nice.
text:Is there something particular you are worried about?	labels:I've been trying to make plans to see a friend, but daily she comes up with excuses on why she cant see me.. I just feel abandoned and hopeless.
text:I can sense that this is bothering you a lot not knowing why your friend is making excuses. This is making you feel ignored. May I ask if its been happening since the recent past or for a long time.	labels:Yeah, It is.i just dont understand. It started about a month ago.
text:I am assuming that you and your friend are very close and have been friends for a long time. Did you try talking to her over the phone? having a honest conversation with her and letting her know how you feel may help at times.	labels:I have tried, she ignores my calls. We've been friends for 15 years.
text:wow that's a very long time and such friendships are to be treasured. I too am lucky to have a friend like that but we do not talk often but when we talk it would be as if it was yesterday that we met..	labels:It's amazing. That's how we used to be up until a month ago.
text:Do you remember if anything significant happened a month back that disturbed her or you in some way? I ask as a long relationship cannot be marred with simple reasons and sometimes it just needs a heart to heart talk.	labels:Not that i'm aware of. but I should try to reach out again and talk to her?
text:Also when you say she making excuses, do you find them logical. For all we know she might be having a real situation she might be dealing with.	labels:It's more of I cant. I have to do this thing. but no further contact as what she needs to do.
text:Yes please. Try calling again and if she is not answering your calls. Maybe you can try and meet her or write all your feelings in a mail and send to her..	labels:Okay, sounds like a good idea. Thanks for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:hi . god morning.\nHello , How are you today.	labels:yea good  but lil lazy. could you please help me to be concentrated on work and new  job preparation to get a job .
text:Sounds like you need a little help staying on track and feeling me productive ?	labels:yes . i am so attarctive to baby .. i though nobody will take care of baby as much as i can .So unble to concentrate on job prparation.
text:Whenever I have important dates coming up , I always take time to myself and try and focus on the task at hand . Have you tried methods like this ?	labels:noo , but here about the upgrade skills and search for new job  as a new mom.
text:Just from chatting with you ,I can completely understand how that can be overwhelming . Just from chatting with you ,I can completely understand how that can be overwhelming .	labels:i dont know what are you talking about.
text:As a mom I have felt like this when my children were little , it became easier with time management.	labels:yes dear ..but with little  kids , will always thinks about them , not intersted on anybody or anything. do you have childeren .Did you feel the same when you are new mom.
text:Maybe taking a little for yourself and your job search while baby is napping , may be good for everyone .	labels:yes dear, i wanted to do everyday .I forgot all my subjects , i need to upgrade.But when laptop opens watching other series which are funny. how to overcome from this you tube addictive series. Really i need a job but my brain diverting so easily these days. please help me to overcome this. are you there?
text:yes sorry.	labels:hey no problem. please advice to get concentration.
text:Alot of research have showed that our brains needs stimulation for fun things also. Alot of research have showed that our brains needs stimulation for fun things also.	labels:yes we are easily diverting .Main thing i always postponing my preparation.
text:Maybe could just use a relaxing day to yourself and then everything wil work out . I normally try this when planning my time management.	labels:this is very bad .I know what i am doing easy very wrong but unable to overcoem this. ha may be , but i have this postponing works habits .This is not good this time may be.
text:Do you have friends or family who maybe could help with the baby just for a little while ?	labels:my inlaws are bith working and hubby also works for two jobs at a time .So nobody is there to take care of baby.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you doing today?	labels:Somewhat stressed but otherwise ok. How about you?
text:I am great, it snowed and looks like Christmas here.  Why are you so stressed?	labels:I'm developing romantic feelings for a friend but she doesn't share those feelings with me in return.
text:That is very hard to have feelings for someone who does not feel the same way.  I have been there myself. . Have you tried to put distance between yourself and this friend?	labels:Yes, I had received that advice from someone and tried it but it didn't help. We have been friends for a long time and I think it would be tough to smother these romantic feelings.
text:Have you thought about talking with this friend about these feelings?	labels:I have but I'm sure she wouldn't react very well and it could damage our relationship. I'm also pretty sure she's already aware. She's pretty sharp.
text:Well maybe you should address these feelings with her in a very relaxed public atmosphere.  Just let her know that you really like her and you have realized that she has many of the qualities that you look for in a person to get serious with.  However, you treasure your friendship more than anything and you do not want anything to come in between your friendship....this way you have addressed your feelings, she knows how you feel and then should she decide to every take the friendship to the next step, she wouldn't feel awkward..	labels:That sounds like a good plan. I do like having things out in the open instead of holding them in. My other thought was to maybe try to seek out a romantic partner that isn't her so then maybe the feelings would go to another focus and it wouldn't damage our relatinship.
text:That sounds like a great idea. Have you been dating other people much?	labels:No, it has been difficult with the whole Corona virus thing. I have taken a large income hit and also I'm having trouble finding someone who wants to actually go do something.
text:Yes the Corona virus has really put a damper on all kinds of normal activities.  Have you thought about joining like a group with similar interests as yourself?  Maybe look for a local group that has a Facebook page and you can  start with building friendships just by chatting online or even on the public page itself.  Some of the best lasting relationships start out as friends with similar interests and then they blossom..	labels:I think I'll give that a try. I could use a new hobby anyways.
text:Sounds like a great plan, how are you feeling now?	labels:I feel a lot better nwo that I have some options.
text:That's great, sometimes just being able to talk through things with someone else, really helps to get things in perspective and brainstorm some new ideas.  I am glad you are feeling better and hope that you have a great rest of your day.	labels:Yes, thank you. And you also have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:hello, what is on your mind today?.	labels:my baby who died in my womb at 5th month. i crying everyday and went to depression. how to overcome this pain.
text:miscarriages are really hard. I lost a set of twins about 15 years ago.. It still makes me sad to wonder what they would be today..	labels:yes , mine is very worst case .In winter time at midnight heavy bleeding done and lost baby. oh god , you are a such brave person.
text:I have had other children since then, and they make me happy but there will always be a sense of loss. i am sure that is not what you wnat to hear right now but i dont like to lie.	labels:this is my first pregnancy.
text:i actually got a tattoo of a little heart with two halos on my right shoulder to honor thier memory. my miscarriage was my first prgnancy as well. i wonder sometimes if it is just our body saying it wasnt ready yet.	labels:yes that is heard and not able to mingle.
text:are you in a relationship?	labels:yes , our body knows what to keep or not.still our mind not agree to loose. yes ,married my childhood best friend.
text:that is great, i hope he is supportive.. you know, it may be a blessing in disguise. with COVID and all the hospitals full, maybe whatever higher power you believe in was saying you are meant to have a healthy baby in a healthy society.	labels:yea. he is so caring. when we brought new house , next month i got preganent and got full time jobs for both , we were so happy but god turned our fate.
text:wow, that is a lot going on at once!	labels:yes when i think in deep felt yea it is good  to loose baby in covid but still i bared lot pain as single in bath room.
text:you two have time now for you to get healthy and recover and get the house exactly how you want it for a family.	labels:except my hubby , nobody in home lot of bed in car and bathroom entire night. lot of blood *
text:i had to move into a house a week after having a baby because i went into preterm labor and ended up tearing my stitches. it was a nightmare. i would have loved for my timelime to be differnt, but sometime we have to deal with the hand we are given.	labels:yes , we need to do and arrange the house.
text:I remember that. So much blood, it was scary thinking it was all coming out of me.	labels:yes dear , we will do like that ..you a such a brave and caring person.
text:well, you have time to get the house ready and when covid restrictions lift get yourself in a moms group so you have support and people to answer questions when they come up!. i found a moms group on facebook. They were great to answer pregnancy questions and offer support and suggestions..	labels:wow is it ..please share the name.
text:the depression is normal too. you suffered a loss. Your hormones are still out of whack, those take some time to get back to normal. i just searched for the county i live in and moms group. i bet there is one in your area too!.	labels:yea dear ..sure will check and will add in that groups ..it will help for me.
text:it will :). just hang in there and remember everything happens for a reason, even though we may not know the reason and we don't like that it happened!.	labels:thank you dear for ur kind words. sure dear , will do and time will solve many issues.
text:i wish you luck and health!	labels:thank you and wish you the same.	episode_done:True
text:how you doing?	labels:hii. could you please help to come out of fear from my friend who became physco.
text:i can imagine how you are feeling right now, but can you explain better how the situation is?	labels:he is one of the best friends in the group .we are 10 members , when went to party after drunk he took pictures with us when we were half nude.Now he blackmailing by that phots and asking money.
text:i know you might be feeling betrayed right now, a friend should not have behaved like that.	labels:yes , he should not , another friend family suffered lot. she attempt suicide .so i am scaring a lot.
text:there should be someone you can try to confined in, i know you did wrong by drinking, but you need to open up to someone, cop your parent or someone you trust.	labels:i thought so , wanted to share with my hubby but scaring that he might think i cheated him but in real we never do anything .it is a group a party. thank you for ur time,
text:It fine, he will sure be pissed but its better to meet him lay out the truth, though he might be mad, but that will else up the problem.	labels:my hubby is my friend , sure will understood but still being scare. thinking about worst part will happen if he didnt trust.
text:you should talk to your hubby dont be scared.	labels:sure, can i tell to my friend wife .? her hubby is all doing this.
text:it will be a more disaster if he get to know on his own.	labels:oh yea , i forgot that .
text:you can, tell your friend, she should be able to help, but you have to tell your hubby.	labels:yea will discuss both , first will tell to my hubby , what ever happen. what will do if he don't trust?
text:he will trust you more only if you confide in him.	labels:ha may be , will try then once.
text:with telling him you can be free from all guilt . with telling him you can be free from all guilt .	labels:yea this guilt feeling so bad inside. what will do with this physco friend , he torturing all other friends too.what is the end solution for this.
text:please do, and make sure you stay clear of the friend.	labels:yes will talk to my hubby first and will take any advise from him to save all of my friends too.
text:he isn't a friend worth keeping, you can report him to the appropriate bodies, the cops will do.	labels:yes nice idea ..will report.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello.	labels:Hi.
text:How are you doing today?	labels:selling all my stuff to move out of the house.  Trying to get some short term cash. Couldn't pay my rent.
text:I know that moving due to a lack of funds can be extremely hard.  I'm sorry you are going through that.	labels:I am not moving. I won't have a home in 2 days.
text:I apologize.  That is much harder situation.  Are you unable to fight it due to the COVID-19 moratorium on evictions?	labels:No, since too much time has passed.
text:Have you tried any local churches or agencies?  findhelp.org is also a great resource.	labels:I am just glad I don't have any children...too hard for them to live on the streets. I am going to go out looking today.  my Internet gets cut off today.
text:There should be funds to provide you with a hotel.  Please check into that as well.	labels:Where can I get those?
text:I would call the local social services department.  The money was allocated to try to stop the spread of the virus.  findhelp.org may have information as well. .	labels:Do you know how much it is?
text:There should not be a cost to you. .	labels:I mean, how much money do they provide?
text:I'm not sure.	labels:I will start researching it now. Thanks for the info.
text:My pleasure.  I hope you can find some assistance.  If nothing else, call you local health department and/or local church.	labels:Sounds good.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi. How's it goin'? Are you feeling troubled about something this morning? I know it can be hard to talk about personal problems sometimes. I have a lot of trouble with that myself.	labels:going smooth, i need to get a nice and a surprise able present for my parent, and at the same time I need to pay my house bills. my father understands the situation that my earning is not that much, but my mum will fuck complain that I am taking care of my wife but not her.
text:It sounds like you're having some cash flow issues, right? I can relate to that at a few more points in my life than I'd points in my life than I'd like to recall.. It's so very loving and sweet of you to be putting so much thought into the gift! That isn't all that common anymore, unfortunately.. Are you currently working?	labels:yes, your are right, I cannot stay in house without paying bills. yes, I am working but the income is not that much.
text:It is pretty ridiculous how income doesn't increase along with inflation/cost of living. Very illogical and crippling to many of us financially. Of course you'll need to put your rent and utilities above all else, and since the gift you are feeling stressed out about is a parental gift,.	labels:that is the major concern, the gift is once in a year and now all my bills are needed to be paid at least before end of the week.
text:I think that you will find out that all your parents really want is for you to be happy and to get to spend some quality family time with you. They love you and want you to be happy and healthy.That is a gift a lot of parents don't get, surprisingly..	labels:may be i should use credit card to get her new year present and use my salary to pay the bills and rent. my presence is much important likewise. i will need to be happy and get rid of this fucking depression, I can't kill my fucking self.
text:It may sound cheesy to you,, but making a gift for someone is still one of the best ways to tell someone how much you really care. You were willing to give of yourself and your valuable time to actually create a gift..	labels:definitely , thanks. for your time , bye for now.	episode_done:True
text:how are you feeling right now?	labels:i feel very confused and bad in my current suitation.
text:what happened? can you describe it briefly so that i can understand?	labels:i had breakup with my boy friend ,it was really very difficult .
text:i think you really loved him and find it difficult to handle the situation. am i right?	labels:yes i loved him a lot and it was very difficult in the situation.
text:that's really hard. sounds like you are really stressed.	labels:yes i feel very stressed. hard to face the suitaion.
text:from what i have seen, you should divert your attention on something that you love the most. it will help you to overcome from this situation.	labels:yes i have to divert my mind in some other thing. i trying to overcome the problem but cannot do that.
text:just think about the things that makes you happy and try to spend more time on yourself. i this this will help you to do better.	labels:i have to think about the  happy moments.
text:yes. that is the best thing to do. you are more important to you than anyone.	labels:yes it is right thing. yes i feel that.
text:hope you will feel better soon.	labels:yes i feel that i will recover soon from the suitation.
text:happy to hear that you are positive.	labels:yes i feel that.
text:anything else you want to talk about?	labels:nothing else is there.
text:have a happy day then.	labels:ok bye.
text:bye.	labels:bye.
text:then just finish the convo.	labels:k i will finish it.
text:thanks.	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:so my partner broke up with me.\nok sorry to hear that.	labels:and he left right after we lost our baby.
text:ok sorry to hear that, how do you feel about that?	labels:I still love him and want him back even after all that.
text:okay does he know how you feel?	labels:yes he does but he says he doesn't want a relationship with anyone.
text:okay, maybe if you give him time he might change his mind?	labels:Maybe but what if he dates someone else.
text:he might not, maybe if you just give him time, you might feel different about him aswell. Dont you think?	labels:Probably true but its getting harder to not think about him lately.
text:okay, is there anything you can do to take your mind off things? or speak to anyone about it?	labels:work and school i guess but then every time I break its hard.
text:okay, have you ever tried meditation?	labels:I don't want to involve friends or family into this.
text:okay, I understand.	labels:am trying to make sure no one notices so cant secretly see a therapist.
text:Why don't you want nobody to find out, if I might ask?	labels:because if we do get back together my family or friends might not agree with it. or support it.
text:okay, isn't it best to do what you think is right though?	labels:What I think is right might hurt other people like how people view him.
text:okay fair enough. Why do you still want him even though, he broke up with you if you don't mind me asking?	labels:its hard to let go of everything after all we've had.
text:it might be hard, but isn't it better to see how things go without him. It's not good to be a relationship if someone isn't 100 percent dont you agree?	labels:it feels like loosing an important part of my body.
text:it might feel like that now, but in time I am sure it will change.	labels:but yes i am trying to just stop and leave but sometimes he calls especially when he needs help. and I cant not help him, and I get reminded of everything somewhere a long the way.
text:okay, in my opinion I believe its best to be strong and try and focus on yourself and live a good life without him for now, until he changes his mind then maybe you re-asses the situation..	labels:Thank you will keep trying to do that.
text:if you can't help him, its best you try and focus on yourself.. no worries, I am here for you.. what are you plans for today?	labels:surprising better when can talk about all this. and none really just staying indoors.
text:I think it is better, yes because then we can we see a better future :)	labels:well, any plans yourself.
text:okay, it is important to remember to look out for yourself and do what is good for you, so if he calls and wants help when he doesn't deserve it, sometimes its best to say no.. I have to finish my book today for my book club :)	labels:yea, I get that. I just fell guilty not helping him sometimes. alright, let me not keep you, Thanks for the help.
text:how do you think it will go from here?	labels:Probably block him everywhere and try to occupy myself.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today? Is there anything you'd like to chat about? What's on your mind?	labels:am not feeling so good, being depressed feeling like killing myself, i don't know after all have done for her.
text:OK. This is a temporary feeling and it will pass. Please be kind to yourself.. What led to you feeling this way?	labels:i proposed to my girl after 5 years of dating, she introduced me to one man claiming its her uncle, was very happy i had to meet one of my fiancé family not knowing all was but lies. she took me to go see the man, the man even gave us relationship advice.
text:OK. So you proposed to your girlfriend, but she was seeing another man?	labels:yes!! seeing the so called man she called her uncle.
text:And the man you thought was her uncle was her other boyfriend?. That is a horrible situation. It's not nice when people lie to you - I've had it happen to me before.. You must be feeling very betrayed at the moment..	labels:caught them in the act, was devastated, my body was shaking, couldn't bear my eyes. its was as if my heart was being ripped outta my soul.
text:That sounds horrible. I think anyone would be upset with that!. I wonder if it was best that this happened before you got married, though - it hurts, but it would have hurt more if she had become your wife. How does it feel if you think about it that way?.	labels:All i could do at that moment is pretend i didn't see a thing. yh! am happy i knew sooner.
text:How does your family and friends feel about it? Have you spoken to them?.	labels:but it s painful, i rented an apartment for her, was the one sponsoring her and her brother.
text:You must feel as though she has taken advantage of you and your generosity..	labels:i never had the courage to tell anyone, everything just kept eating me up.
text:I think it might be good to talk to people around you who knew you both.. I know that it must be difficult because you feel like your pride has been hurt as well as your heart.	labels:i provided everything i think a girl would need so she wont feel inferior but what did i get in returns.
text:It sounds like you are a very thoughtful and generous partner. I know that others will see that in you..	labels:guessed i gave too much and it came back right at me.
text:Perhaps you shopuld now focus on taking care of yourself. Did you neglect anything you need or enjoy to take care of her? Could you do that now?	labels:yes learnt my lessons, had to move on, but i can never respect any lady .
text:I can see how that might make it difficult to trust people.. However, not everybody is the same. You sound like a very caring person and there are lots of caring women out there looking for someone just like you.. Could you spend some time getting to know more people until you feel like you can trust someone again? Do you have any hobbies you enjoy?	labels:guess that will do, yh i do have an hobby, loves reading.
text:Great! Have you tried joining a book club, where you can discuss books you enjoy with others? That will help take your mind off things and you can meet new people too..	labels:Thanks, i really appreciate.
text:I'm glad. I hope you have a great day and please remember to be kind to yourself..	labels:Thank you for your time its nice chatting with you.	episode_done:True
text:hi good mronging. are you there.\nhi.	labels:i lost my job and searching for that due to lost of house. i was in depression. can u help me out from that.
text:you searching new job.using your qualify id with work.	labels:i affected covid , so i am full scaring to go out.
text:don't fear okay ,first you wearing mask and distance make others.	labels:ha ..even though we will get affect y air .i read from news.
text:i have no idea,you discuss with others.	labels:ok thanks ,. do you know anybody working in health group depatment to refer me.
text:definitely i inform to my friends.	labels:hey thank you so much for your concern. i have lack of  knowledge in some subject s. i need someone to assist or teach.
text:okay i need help to you. okay bye.	labels:thank you.
text:you don't think others. be strong. okay.	labels:sure , thanks you for all your suggestions.	episode_done:True
text:hi hello ..good morning.\nhi.	labels:could you please help me out to over come this stress.
text:why you like reach the stress?	labels:due to lost job in college campus.
text:many people don't like reach the stress but you ask having the stress ?whats your problem? why you are lost a job?. what happend?	labels:due to covid , most of on campus jobs are closed and opened online classes for students. to atted online classes , need to pay fee , i don't have money much now.
text:you search a part time job.then you having money you pay the online fee.	labels:yea , but i am on student visa and affected covid .My health is not good.
text:you say first your principle next you think attend our online class.okay.	labels:ha , i am so scar to go out  beacuse of covid.
text:first you care in your health then you focus in your study. stay safe ans wearing mask then keep distance okay.	labels:yea , for that i need money to take care of health and i need to get my degree to get good job. yea sure will take all precautions.
text:how can i help? just i giving some advice only. okay. i think you are so lazy.	labels:do have any idea what type of jobs can student visa persons to do ? i am not lazy but my brain have fll of worst thought due to covid.
text:sorry dr i have no idea.	labels:oh ok no issues. do you have any friends who works in software to help me out to get a good job.
text:okay i need help with my friend then i reply to you .	labels:thank you so much for your help. thanks for your time too. have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:I am so sad. My boyfriend broke up with me!\nwhat is your problem? explain to me?	labels:I just need someone to talk to because I am so sad.
text:i am with you ,share your problem to me.	labels:My boyfriend broke up with me today. We have been together for 4 years. He left me for a younger girl. I cant believe it!
text:don't feel past is past. what happend ?	labels:I thought I was going to marry him. He sent me a TEXT that said he didnt want to be with me anymore. I had to find out threw social media that he has a new girlfriend.
text:you don't feel about anything. he was fake. believe your self and change your mind .	labels:Its going to be so hard. I dont think I can make it threw this.
text:obay your parents advice.	labels:I havent told them yet.
text:you should tell them .they give a great solution .	labels:I will try that..
text:okay, good.	labels:thank you for talking with me. I will reach out to my parents tomorrow and hopefully they will give me some advice..
text:yes ,definitely you ask them next you make very peacefull moment. god grace to you.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Hello. How's it going?
text:It's going well, how are you?	labels:I'm somewhat anxious and distressed because of college..
text:Is there anything specific going on in school that it making you anxious?	labels:Yes, I have a large project I must complete for one class, a very important exam for another, and for another my professor is quite incompetent and might cause me to fail that course.
text:Okay, so from what I have read you are anxious because you have a project and an exam going on and you are struggling in another, is that correct?	labels:Yes, that is correct. It's caused severe anxiety for me.
text:I can tell just from these few messages how anxious you are about these things. I am currently in college too, and I completely understand the anxiety around your project and your exams.	labels:Yes, it's very unfortunate that things turned out this way. I might have the project and exam dealt with, but the one with the incompetent professor makes me want to slam my head on the wall.
text:Have you talked to the professor in the class you are struggling in about ways he can help you learn better? I have found that speaking with my professors when I was struggling and explaining why has helped me in the past.	labels:Yes, I have talked with him. Unfortunately, communication is the worst part with him. He will read emails but only selectively respond to some things. I ask him to give me the details for an assignment he never sent the details for and he always ignores it. I don't think he even has the assignment instructions recorded anywhere.
text:Is there anyone in your class that you are close to that you can reach out to?	labels:We have a Discord server set up for the class where we're all trying to make sense of the class and our professor because it has been such a bad experience for all of us. Unfortunately even that doesn't help.
text:Have you thought about reaching out to a tutor who has previously taken this course to help with the assignments?	labels:It won't work because this professor is "winging it" in that he is doing things he never did for the class before, and he is in way over his head. Mostly because of COVID.
text:Is it too late in the semester to drop the course without penalty?	labels:It is too late, yes. I wish I had dropped it sooner.
text:Another option I could think of would be to reach out to your advisor and explain the situation with them and explain that everyone is struggling in the class. She may have some options for you,	labels:That may be a good idea. I'll consider that.
text:I think that it would definitely help!	labels:Thanks for your help.
text:You are very welcome! I am glad you chatted with me tonight!	labels:I am glad to have talked you as well. Good nigh t(or day).	episode_done:True
text:hi how are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling sad.
text:why are you feeling sad?	labels:My friend of 5 years said that they hated me.
text:oh hate is such a strong word for your friend to use.	labels:Yes it was and I am dealing with family problems as well and she just told me she hated me with no reason.
text:oh that is quite a pile of conflict on you. you must be feeling emotionally overwhelmed.	labels:I am, why would someone want to do something like this. I am not sure if it was brought on by her boyfriend or what but she was one of my best friends.
text:the boyfriend could very well be the reason she is lashing out at you. maybe she is projecting her feelings toward her boyfriend onto you. has she had problems with her boyfriend in the past.	labels:I am sure but I just wish she would not have said that to me. This is a new boyfriend that she started dating about 6 months ago.
text:you're feeling a bit like a punching bag because she has chosen such strong words without a reason, right?	labels:Yes, and I am not sure how to react to what she said. Should I just leave her alone and let her come back around to me or reach out after a week or so?
text:has she ever spoken to u in this way before? or similarly.	labels:She never has that is what is weird to me and makes me thing it is something or someone else that caused her to want to say it.
text:A lot of times, people lash out in times when they are feeling stressed and the people closest to them can end up getting the brunt of it.	labels:That makes sense but I just wish I knew why she said it. Did I do something to her, did someone say something to her etc? Maybe I should just wait to talk to her when she needs me for something?
text:maybe you should let her know that you love her and say that you would never want to hurt her, so if you've hurt her, you'd like to know what you've done so you can avoid doing it in the future.	labels:Thank you, that is really great advice.
text:but you have to make it clear that you cannot accept that kind of disrespect in the future if she can not come up with a reason for why she said it.	labels:Do you think I should do this sooner than later or just wait?
text:absolutely..	labels:Thank you, I will try to reach out to her and see what happens.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi. How are you?	labels:ok. you?
text:I'm good..	labels:I tried to do something bad again yesterday.
text:What did you try to do that was bad?	labels:I don't know if I can say.
text:Why not?	labels:I tried to hurt myself...not that I wanted to...I just don't have any friends.
text:Wow I'm sorry to hear that.	labels:Have you ever tried to hurt yourself? because things just aren't worth it?
text:I haven't, but I've thought about it before. I think most people have. Did you get professional help yesterday or today?	labels:no, my parents don't believe me that it is important enough. How would you do it...hurt yourself? I thought about crashing my car into someone else.
text:I don't have a plan, I just have though about how I have the power to end it.. Why would you want to crash into someone else and potentially kill them too?	labels:It doesn't matter. It would be quick for me. I would take off my seatbelt first.
text:that would be considered a murder suicide.	labels:I wouldn't be here to see it. Just want to end it. Looking to do it tomorrow...around lunch time. when my parents are at work.
text:you should call the national suicide hotline: 1-800-273-8255. or 911.	labels:why? I don't need an ambulance.
text:I think you should reach out for professional help. how would you do it?	labels:What will they do?  Tell me to suck it up? They don't understand. my step dad doesn't treat me well.
text:how would you do it?	labels:he does things that aren't natural. that would just make him angrier. he always says I am his sissy son.
text:well, I don't know if you are being serious or not but I'm going to reach out to Mturk and get them to get help for you. I don't mess around with this stuff..	labels:tries to make me a man.
text:I will have them contact you through your worker ID.	labels:that will only make things worse...he will do more things to me.	episode_done:True
text:How are you today? is anything bothering you, today?.	labels:I am today very sad because my friends fighting with me.
text:what are you fighting about?.	labels:My friends avoiding my phone calls and message.
text:so, you're feeling isolated because of this?.	labels:Yes i am feeling alone.
text:this happens very common in friend groups. it is understandable that you feel upset. this happens very common in friend groups. it is understandable that you feel upset. did u have an argument?.	labels:Yes it is common. Yes sometimes many arugument.
text:what do u argue about.	labels:My friends problam and we are question it.
text:its hard when you care about someone to not question there actions, when you feel you know whats best for them. is that how u r feeling?	labels:I feel uncomfortable.
text:you feel uncomfortable because your friends are ignoring your feelings? sometimes, people hide when they are confronted. i think it may be beneficial to give your friends some time, before attempting to speak with them again. maybe you can spend time with your family while you are waiting for them to cool down..	labels:Yes i am sometime more in my friends.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello, how are you?	labels:I have been better.
text:Do you want to tell me what happened?	labels:Well its happening still. I have end of term exams coming up and I have been trying really hard to study but I am afraid I will fail my classes.
text:Is there a reason for you to think that way?	labels:I havent done really well on the other tests. I turn in all my work and study hard but I can not seem to pass the exams.
text:First of all, try not to overthink right now and do your best to review your materials.	labels:I have. I have been through the book, read my notes but when i take any practice tests, I still dont do as well as i would like.
text:hmm I understand your frustration, have you talked to your professor about this?	labels:No. He was not very kind to me the one time I asked. I felt stupid for asking questions.
text:I'm so sorry you were treated that way, it's unacceptable. How about teaching assistant or your friends? You can form a study group and I've found friends can help even more than teachers.	labels:That could help. I have a few friends in the class. Im just worried they will also think I am stupid.
text:Oh no don't worry  about that,I believe they are understanding and as long as you ask nicely, they'll be more than glad to help you.	labels:Okay. I think I will do that. Sometimes when my friends answer in class, it helps me understand more.
text:Yeah, the problem with teachers is they usually don't see from students' perspective while your fellow students do.	labels:That is true. I am trying my best and really just want to pass. I think I will study with friends before the test.
text:There are a few free online website that can provide help too, I used to check Khan Academy for concepts I don't understand.	labels:Oh that is a great idea! I forgot about those. I think that could really help me too.
text:at the same time, you need to make time to relax too, you don't want to overwhelm yourself before the test.	labels:You're right. Thank you so much I appreciate the help and feel a less anxious now..
text:of course, I hope I could help a bit.	labels:you did. Have a good evening! Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi How's it going?	labels:Not so well, I have been really upset lately.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?	labels:I was recently let go from my job due to the covid pandemic, and am now jobless before the holidays.
text:I'm sorry, that's tough anytime but that's gotta be brutal because of the year and upcoming holidays.. what kind of work were you doing?	labels:It really is, I was in a family owned cafe as a waitress. Due to the rise of the virus they ordered everyone to shut back down.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. did they leave you with a severance package of any kind or anything?.	labels:No they didnt, And the unemployment has been taking forever. I'm now almost 3 weeks without pay..
text:Oh good so you've already applied for unemployment?.	labels:I have, It's just really upsetting knowing that bigger chains are open but We shad to shut down.
text:I'm guessing the unemployment office is pretty backlogged right now but at least you've got that done so far.. have you applied anywhere yet?	labels:Yeah, I suppose. And I have, but haven't heard back from anywhere yet..
text:End of year is tough with all the companies re budgeting for the following year. I'm betting things will open up early next year..	labels:I hope so. This has just been a crappy year all together..
text:Have you considered gig economy jobs like uber or the grocery pickup apps?	labels:I'm unable to do uber due to the age of my vehicle, but never thought about the grocery pickup..
text:You'd need a vehicle for that too but there are plenty of other gig jobs out there. you should take a look. It may be an opportunity to test another kind of work.	labels:I'll def. look into it. thanks!. At this point im willing to do anything.
text:In the mean time Mturk is always a decent option....	labels:Hmm, I'll have to look into it and see what I can do. Thank you for some ideas. I really do appreciate it.	episode_done:True
text:im very upset.\nI'm sorry. Would you like to tell me about it?	labels:yes. i invited my friend over to watch my new puppy while i painted my room because my dog has seperation anxiety and can't be alone. then she showed up with her new boyfriend.
text:What bothered you about that?	labels:well i dont know him and my stuff was all out in the living room where he was alone for most of the day. i actually didnt suspect anything would happen at first.
text:I can see why that would upset you though. Did something happen?	labels:yes, after they left, i started putting my stuff back in my room and realized the purse i keep my nintendo switch in was GONE.
text:I'm so sorry that happened to you.. I would be very upset as well..	labels:i've known her for 8 years. but this guy is very new. they're not even officially together.
text:Did you speak to your friend about it?	labels:yes, so i called her and asked her if she saw my bag and she got defensive. she started talking about how much money he has and how he doesnt have to steal.
text:It is sometimes hard for people to believe someone they care about could do something bad.	labels:but she should care about me more!! she barely knows him.
text:I have been in a similar situation with a friend and her husband; when he was exhibiiing bad behavior, she did not want to see it in him.. I agree that she should value you your friendship more than someone she just met..	labels:last time we went out for brunch, he literally tried to make her pay for it! that's not the behavior of someone that has money like she claims. she's delusional.
text:It sounds like you are worried about your friend putting her trust into this guy.	labels:im worried about how i'm going to get my switch back. i dont have money for a new one. im thinking of calling the cops.
text:I think if you talk to her again and tell her you are looking out for her best interests it may help open a conversation.. If you do end up calling the cops, at least you will have tried to speak with her first..	labels:i should tell her that i am thinking about calling the cops, at least. or maybe not cuz she might tell him. then he can get rid of it. i think she is working with him, maybe, or at least covering for him.
text:Knowing your friend, do you really think she would do that?	labels:i think she would cover him, maybe, or try to avoid the truth. but no i dont think she would plot with him.
text:It sounds like you really care about your friend, and want the best for her.. She may not realize this but you are doing the right thing.	labels:i'm sure she'll come forward if i give her time. thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, How are you?	labels:I am okay. I am really sad recently.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What has caused it to start?.	labels:Well recently when I ask my best friend to hang out, she always seems to have an excuse and we havent hung together in months.
text:I understand your feeling of being upset, I would be too. Do you think it may have something to do with the pandemic, or possibly something else?.	labels:I dont think it's the pandemic because she has gone to other friends houses and seen other people.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. I've dealt with something similar earlier this year myself. I know how you are feeling. Have you tried to reach out to her and let her know how you've felt? I'm sorry to hear that. I've dealt with something similar earlier this year myself. I know how you are feeling. Have you tried to reach out to her and let her know how you've felt?	labels:Yes i told her how i felt and she said she was just busy. I just feel like she is taking me for granted and Im not a priority. I feel like we are all busy but I would find time for her and I dont feel she is doing the same for me.
text:I see. I would feel the same way if it were in your position. You seem like a person who would go above and beyond for a good friend..	labels:Thank you. I try to be a good friend. My husband thinks I should just not talk to her anymore but we have been friends for almost 10 years.
text:You do seem like a wonderful person, and anyone who is your friend would be lucky to say so. It does sound like your husband may be right. or even just taking a break for a little bit.	labels:Okay. I think I could take a break. I am just worried I will never find a friendship like we use to have again.
text:I totally understand that, especially with how long the friendship was. Sometimes just a little time away from eachother works.	labels:Okay. I will try that. Do you think I should say we need space or just distance myself for a bit and see what happens?
text:I would just distance it, and see if she reaches out in a week or so. if not, I would just reach out and see how everything is going..	labels:Okay. Thank you for the help.
text:You're welcome! I hope everything works out for the both of you..	labels:Thank you. I do too but I guess whatever is meant to be will be.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight? Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:I am doing just great now.
text:Sorry that typed twice..	labels:How about you?
text:I'm enjoying hearing the rain on the roof!  Can I encourage you in some way?	labels:Well , I already made my mind up, I am not working during Christmas week because I already have plans and also because I requested this week off back on May , so it is not my fault some coworkers quit.
text:You made plans for Christmas and a coworker quit? Are they asking you to work then?.	labels:Yes, my manager said I should work and show I am a team player? I said what? You took your vacation week on thanksgiving and we all worked hard to cover you, it I not my problem that two teammates quit and you have to work harder during my absence.
text:I can understand your frustration. You were a team player during Thanksgiving so saying you are not seems like he wants you to feel guilty.. Is this a company where you see yourself getting a promotion?.	labels:Besides the only reason I am taking that week off is because my kids are coming home. My son lives in Chicago and due to Covid I haven’t seen him all year and my daughter lives in Nashville and she used to come home often but also because of the pandemic , she has not been able to come as often as I would like.
text:Family is important. I can imagine how excited you have been to see your children again..	labels:No, I have not hopes of promotion, I have been 18 years with them and I have straight told them I just want to work through my retirement in the same position.
text:I have personally had to learn how to not buy into false guilt.  If you had plans, then they can ask some people to help out. However, I would consider maybe being flexible one day or two, but not out of guilt, but out of concern. I would personally pray about it. It's a hard situation.	labels:Thanks for your advice , I think it all will work out, I think the “big guy” aka as the owner will understand the situation.
text:I'm sure it will all work out. I have been in that spot. You want to help, but not because they guilt you into it, that seems unfair.. Maybe they will offer double time?  lol That would be nice..	labels:Exactly, she has to understand that life goes beyond work and I have been a very loyal worker for more than 18 years so I think she is trying to fight a fight where she definitely can lose.
text:I was just discussing with my husband how many people want to try and intimidate us lately. Seems so many are stressed out. I hope you have a Merry Christmas and really enjoy your visit with the kids.	labels:At this point , I don’t need the extra money , what I need is time to spend with my family and that’s exactly what I am going to do.
text:I agree with you!  It has been a tough year. Jobs come and go, but family is forever! :D.	labels:Thank you and I wish you and your family a Merry Christmas and well a better year than 2020, that last one I am sure will be a very easy one.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?\nHi. How is life treating you at the moment? Would you like to talk about any problems?.	labels:Thank you! And it is good except for one problem. I am in college and my roommates for next semester do not care about COVID -- they continue to go out and party. This upsets me and I have talked to them about it but they still do not care..
text:So you feel that you are being put in danger by the actions of your room-mate?.	labels:Yes, absolutely. I do not want to get covid and am worried about long term health effects. I have shared this with them but they still do not care..
text:I can totally understand how you feel.  I absolutely hate how some people are pretending that the pandemic is not real and they do not need to worry..	labels:Also, I am in a triple room in my sorority house for clarification. I feel my risk getting it in the room is high if they continue to not respect guidelines..
text:Do not worry, your fears are totally grounded. Some people really just need to grow up and get educated..	labels:I agree and appreciate that I am not alone in thinking that! Many college students have been very irresponsible during the pandemic which is upsetting to me..
text:Is there anyone at your college who could help you with this? Perhaps move you into a single room?.	labels:No, there aren't any sorority rooms available at my sorority house and all of the dorms/apartments are full already but I've tried . **single not sorority.
text:Yes they certainly have. They seem to think that it will never happen to them and do not realise that they are putting others at risk.	labels:agreed.
text:Is it possible for you to take some time off school?.	labels:I shouldn't do that -- I am applying to law school when I graduate so I feel like it'd be a bad look. it'd also be bad for my mental health to stay home, and I'd rather take the classes I need next semester.
text:So you feel as though you are trapped .. you can't leave school but at the same time you are being put at risk through no fault of your own.	labels:right, it's very uncomfortable and no matter how many times I tell them how risky they are being to not only themselves but others they do not care. also one of them is pre med which is even worse lmao.
text:Please be assured that you are being sensible and that they are the ones at fault.	labels:thank u :)
text:Let's hope that this is over soon .. this has been an absolutely terrible year..	labels:Agreed! Hoping for that vaccine soon. what challenges have you faced from the pandemic?
text:Here in the UK they have started to roll it out..	labels:I am so jealous! Things are so much better not in the USA!
text:I have to agree ;) But we have a large infection and death rate here too, largely due to government irresponsibility.	labels:haha yes we had the same issue with government mishandling everything ... so frustrating.
text:Do you feel it would be better to be somewhere like New Zealand then, where there have been very few cases? It is a lovely country..	labels:haha yes definitely! I would love to study abroad next year so I hope that will still be an option and COVID will be better then.
text:So, you feel frustrated both by your roommate and also the conditions in your country?.	labels:yes for sure.
text:I can sincerely wish that the world is in a better place next year.	labels:As do I... although I'm not sure if things will ever go back to the way they were before. But hopefully that is for the best.
text:Perhaps we can learn something from this year and improve ourselves.	labels:I agree! It's definitely been a year of reflection for sure.
text:I hope I have been able to be of some help, just by allowing you to talk things out.	labels:yes thank you you definitely have! enjoy the rest of your evening :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you this evening?	labels:I'm very sad. I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex.
text:I'm sorry to hear you are sad. What's going on? Maybe I can encourage you? Ouch! So he wants to see his ex? Basically he is breaking up with you? How long did you date him?	labels:No, i hacked his facebook. He told me he was going to hang out with friends. but i found out he lied. we have been together for 3 years. he doesn't know that i know.
text:I'm so sorry to hear this. You must be full of all kinds of emotions now. What are your plans?	labels:i don't know yet tbh. i have never been cheated on before. we also live together so it's complicated.
text:I can understand your frustration. It happened to me before. And I've had girlfriends. They never change. They will apologize because they got caught, but they never really change..	labels:But, how do I know for sure if he did cheat?
text:It's going to be very painful for a while because you have been invested 3 years in this relationship. Do you have friends to talk to that can encourage and support you?.	labels:The messages were about meeting up for a photoshoot at the brooklyn bridge. is that cheating because he lied.
text:I find if they flirt, they already have cheated. Loyalty is something inside a person, or not. Very few will look inside themselves and see why they do this and want to change. If you were married, you would need counseling.. Do you meet up with your exes?	labels:i'm still friends with many of my exes, but he knows that and we all hang out together. thats why it's weird that he lied.
text:He lied because he didn't want you to know the truth. Which is betrayal..	labels:also, when he gets home, how do i tell him how i found out. i mean, i literally got into his facebook without asking. i just had this intuition that he was being suspicious.
text:It's a hot mess, is it not? Why did you feel you wanted to spy on him? Did you already mistrust him?	labels:well, it was weird that he got so dressed up to go hang out with friends. it makes sense now that i know he went for a photoshoot.
text:Ok, so this is a HUGE red flag to you. You can ignore it, or not. Women KNOW when a man is cheating, so you had that inside of you. And you went with your hunch and now you have found he is dishonest.. Was the photoshoot to have pictures of him?	labels:yeah, she's a photographer. she took all his headshots when he first moved to America, actually. when they were together.
text:I suppose it could be Christmas pictures of him for you? Or not. I personally feel honesty is the best policy, no matter what. I would come clean. I would tell him I sensed trouble and looked for it and found it..	labels:i worry that i am jumping to conclusions.
text:You could be, but then you wouldn't have a feeling of mistrust, you would just be sensing a surprise.	labels:he may say: you are friends with ur exes, why can't i be friends with mine? he never said which friends he was going to see. he also didnt offer to take me with him, though. i always invite him when i hang out with my exes.
text:He could say that. And if he is lying, do you think he will begin to be honest? You will have to judge for yourself. If he is lying, he will continue to lie. And you will feel it inside of yourself. Is this the first time you felt this way? Or has this happened before?.	labels:never before. i guess ur right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. What would you like to talk about?.	labels:Hi, just broke up with my partner and I don't really know where to go from here.
text:So you are feeling lonely and bereft? I am sorry to hear that. Can you give me more information?.	labels:Basic story, got back to the United States from deployment.
text:Ah, so you were overseas and were conducting the relationship long distance?.	labels:She kept me going while I was gone, but since I returned, she's been so cold to me.
text:Do you feel that is unfair of her to have done this whilst you were away serving your country?.	labels:Kind of, I know that life moves on while people are away. I just don't get it though, I return and this is what I get.
text:But she should have understood that you were doing your duty whilst also providing for the pair of you. Do you think it is possible that she has been unfaithful, or is it something else?.	labels:Possibly, but we weren't official boyfriend/girlfriend.
text:Ah I see. How committed did you feel to her?.	labels:Maybe it was my indecision to ask her about our relationship. Now that I think about it, it seemed more of 80% me, 20% her.
text:I know, as a woman myself. that it is quite difficult when you are seeing someone but have no idea what their intentions are..	labels:Sure, I guess sex and cuddling is nice, but what I really want is someone to shopping with and eventually build a future.
text:Have you considered getting some sort of counselling, either just you or as a couple?.	labels:It has peaked my interest, but at the same time, I wonder how much of this is just me buried in the idea of a relationship, even though it's pretty one-sided now. Should I seek counseling for a relationship that technically wasn't official?
text:I am hearing you say that you still have feelings for her but you are not sure whether to totally break away or not, given that she has.	labels:Yes. I hate how I love her, but I'm not getting the same energy back.
text:I can't tell you what to do but I think it might be best to go with your gut instinct..	labels:It will hurt, but it's definitely better just to move on, right? My gut tells me that I'm not going to take 2nd place in her heart.
text:It has to be your decision but I think you will know if you've made the right one..	labels:I really appreciate it.
text:I hope that I have been able to give you some good advice and that you feel a little clearer about things now..	labels:Yes, this has helped tremendously.
text:Thank you for that .. I am glad to have been on assistance. I wish you all the very best in your future, wherever it takes you..	labels:I appreciate all of your feedback too. It has helped put my mind to rest.
text:Thank you and best wishes!.	labels:You too! Take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:I've been better. I just buried my dog yesterday. She was going to turn 15 next month.
text:Ouch! I'm so sorry to hear that. I never lost a dog, but I've lost cats.. Is 14 a good age for a dog? I have my first dog so I don't know much, he is 9 years old and came with our house..	labels:Actually, yes. She was old and had dementia. The oldest dog I evet had was 15.
text:I'm so sorry, losing a pet is very hard on us..	labels:How did your dog come with the house?
text:Was that your only pet? Or do you have others? We moved from FL to KY and the little dog just hung out here, he really belonged to the neighbor's son who didn't want him, so he just ran around wild and wouldn't leave. I never had a dog, but it got cold, so i took him in. They never asked about him and after a week, I asked them if I could have the dog, so they said yes. I don't think they cared. I wish I could give you a hug, really, there are no words to make this better as you already know the grief of losing a pet, it does get better, but it stings terribly at first.	labels:I have 2 other dogs that are mine and my boyfriend has 2. Thank you. that means a lot. We both had dogs when we met.
text:So you definitely are a dog lover! I was in my 50s before I ever had a dog, now I wish I had more, they are really loving. Not like cats who don't care much about much except FOOD! lol. I know when tragedy happens, I can't get stuck in depression, I sort of have to force myself to put one foot in front of the other. It's hard to have a healthy balance between grieving and continuing to live. Cry, then dry my eyes, pick up, go for a walk, don't get caught in grief, but yet don't deny it!.	labels:They get to be so close and you can really pick up on their emotions and stuff. That's what happens to me. I get stuck sometimes.
text:I get stuck too. But you are doing the right things, here you reached out to someone and I do care, so you are moving forward. I always find it helpful just so have someone share my pain with me. Just to know I'm  not alone.	labels:Thanks. Another person who has pets helps. They understand.
text:I do understand. My mom died in 2010, right after she died, 1 of my cats died, my husband went into the hospital and almost died, so we went on vacation so I would not be consumed with grief, and do you know, we brought our pets and our cat died when we arrived here on vacation?  I will never forget that. You know what. I knew I could either get consumed in grief, or push through. Man, that was hard. I prayed a lot and God got me through that and I had a good vacation, all things considered. I will definitely pray for you too that God will comfort your heart and that you will be comforted by your other dogs and your boyfriend's dogs and that you will feel joy at times at the happy memories you had with your dog..	labels:Oh wow, that sounds horrible. Pushing through though I guess is all one can do then. Thank you so much. I believe in prayer.
text:Prayer is what gets me through every day!  :D  It was rough, but I believe these hard times strengthen us in some way. Because life throws hard balls, and we have to move forward or be consumed..	labels:That's true. I'm glad I did this project. You really helped me.
text:I'm so glad I did too. It was a pleasure to meet you. And once again, (hug). :D.	labels:You too. Thanks so much. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, I am here to help you with your problems. What would you like to talk about?.	labels:I dislike my job but am unsure about trying online jobs that may not be what I want.
text:So you are feeling unsatisfied in your work but you are not sure how to change ?.	labels:yes but more so not wanting to change due to uncertainty regarding what I may be walking into.
text:I have been in this same position! Sometimes you have to take a leap, even though you are not sure what might happen. So far everything has worked out fine for me..	labels:That's true. I just don't want to lose the benefits that I am currently entitled to at my current bad job.
text:It is a tricky situation, to be sure. Have you talked to anyone else about it?.	labels:yes my wife, and she is supportive either way so that's not a problem.
text:I am glad to hear that you have someone supportive in your life. What is your current line of work?.	labels:e-commerce manager for walmart stores inc.
text:Would you like a total change? Or just a change of scenery?.	labels:looking to work exclusively at home in sales which is more my specialization, so yes to both questions.
text:Online work can be very lucrative. I have been doing it for years personally. It is nice to be your own boss and choose your own hours..	labels:I currently do day trading on the side and make great money at it but want something stable to challenge me.
text:It is true that stability is important. Do I hear you say that you are frightened of the insecurity of working from home?.	labels:more so the lack of benefits I would lose, especially healthcare.
text:Ah .. I am in the UK so we have socialised medicine :). Would you feel more comfortable if you lived in a country like that?.	labels:lol definitely! Currently I pay $750 monthly if I purchase healthcare on my own but only $163 monthly through my work.
text:Goodness .. I do not have to pay anything. Also our prescriptions are fixed at about ten pounds each.. I think maybe your job dilemma would be easier if you moved to a different country :D .	labels:I would lose about $3000 monthly leaving my job.
text:You might be able to make that much from home though. And what's life if you don't take the odd risk?.	labels:still there?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:Not feeling too great.
text:What happened?	labels:I lost my job and I'm sad.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, when was it?	labels:I just found out this morning. I'm not sure what to do.
text:that sucks, did you tell your family?	labels:Yeah i told them. they just aren't in a position to help me.
text:it's ok even if they can't really help, having someone to share your problem is good enough.	labels:Thats true. I still feel pretty sad about it.
text:Of course, anyone would feel the same. Maybe you should take a short trip, camping or go fishing to clear your mind for now.	labels:That's a great idea! I think i'll do that now. Should I invite people?
text:I think after you feel calmer then you can look for job. When we are desperate, we are unable to judge which option is good. Absolutely, having friends right now is the best.	labels:This is some pretty solid advice thank you. Is drinking okay when youre depressed? I kinda want to drink.
text:you can drink a bit but be careful, people get addicted to alcohol during depression happens very often.	labels:Good idea! I think ill do that with friends on the trip. my moods a lot better now thank you.
text:give yourself a week or two, what done is done, you can use this time as a break for yourself!	labels:Sure thing. How do I fix my problem with the job?
text:Anything else I can help you with?	labels:I really dont know where to turn to. its really hard finding work where I live.
text:after the trip, you can start looking around and see, if there's no good openings, you can do part time to get some income for now.	labels:Sounds like a good plan. Thank you. I don't think I need anymore help. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how is life treating you right now?.	labels:Oh, not too bad, thanks.  And you?
text:I am okay but feeling a little down at the moment. Is there anything that you'd like to talk about?.	labels:Sorry to hear you're down... I'm definitely tired of this pandemic! Trying to keep in touch with messages and phone calls can help... Except I guess not anymore with this one friend...
text:Is there anything specific getting you down? How are things in your work and your personal relationships?. Oh I am sorry to hear that .. you are having a problem with a close friend?.	labels:Well, did you see the problem I originally wrote about?
text:No I did not, can you tell me about it?.	labels:Oh! You don't get to see the text of the problem? That's strange... I'll cut and paste it here:  Oops - that's not allowed. Okay - let me input it again.
text:Thank you, I would like to be able to help you but do not know what the problem is right now.	labels:I have this friend who is now on the opposite coast. We were out of touch for 15 years, but recently reconnected. We've been texting. But now he's demanding an apology, and it's completely unreasonable...
text:Ah I see .. you feel as though you friend is dragging up things from the past which are no longer relevant to your friendship?.	labels:No, not at all. It's new stuff.
text:Oh I am sorry, I misunderstood. Can you tell me a little about the situation?.	labels:We've been texting about politics, among other things. And we completely agree on the subject - that's not the issue. But I put up with his sort of acerbic wit - I ignore little put-downs, because I know that's just him...
text:What is it that he wants you to apologise for?.	labels:But recently, he was talking as if he was having symptoms as a result of having had COVID previously. So I asked, Oh, you had a positive COVID test? I didn't say it like I was challenging him - I just hadn't heard this before.
text:ah I see. I have had problems and sometime negative interactions about Covid with some friends too. I think it's a very difficult time for everybody; we are all feeling the strain and might be more irritable than previously. Can you see any way in which you can work around it and be friends again?	labels:Yes - he's always irritable! ha ha. So instead of answering, he launched into this thing about how COVID antibodies disappear, so the tests are pointless. I know there are some issues with the various tests. As it happens, I have a PhD in immunology, so I know a lot about this stuff... Yes - I want to be friends! It's not me...
text:I think that the tests are very necessary! Also social distancing and mask wearing at this time..	labels:He started saying things that are just factually not correct.  I get that the immune system is super complicated, and most people don't know much about it. But when I'd try to explain some things to him, he acted like I couldn't possibly know anything he didn't, after reading one Forbes article, and he started making personal attacks.
text:I think that perhaps you do not need this toxic person in your life. After fifteen years without him do you really feel you need to stay r reconciled?.	labels:I don't need him, no... But he's funny, and I don't have too many people in my life right now. I just moved to a new state where I literally know no one.
text:In that case perhaps you can just agree to disagree on this topic? If you don't want to risk the friendship :). I hope I have been able to be of some help to you today and thank you for talking!.	labels:And I'm also hurt and annoyed that he thinks I have anything to apologize for, when I put up with his acid tongued comments, and just turn the other cheek. I agree we should just go on, but I'm not going to apologize, when I didn't do anything. Anyway - yes. I agree with you.  Thanks for the talk. Take care!
text:And you too!.	labels:Thanks. Bye...	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?	labels:I'm alright, thank you, but a bit depressed after just breaking up with my girlfriend.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, it must have been hard for you.	labels:Yes, it has been quite difficult. I find it helpful to talk to someone though.
text:I feel you, can you tell me when it happened and why?	labels:She was annoyed that I was spending too much time doing menial tasks online for Amazon. And that I wasn't giving her enough attention. So she finally broke it off.
text:She seems to be a bit immature, amazon tasks even if not your main income, is still income and you're just working to make your life better.	labels:Exactly, and I was completing online chatbot tasks to get her a gift when she broke it off. It really came as a surprise to me.
text:that sucks, it must be shocking for you. Did you try to explain to her?	labels:I did try to explain, but she didn't give me much of an opportunity to. She said that I was just wasting my time because you can only redeem the money in Amazon.com gift cards. And since I live in the UK, i'd have to pay £12 shipping just to get anything delivered.
text:ah it is your thought that counts, I'm sorry she didn't appreciate your effort. But you know what, she might just  not be the right one, a better partner would understand and even be moved by the fact you work so hard to give her a gift.	labels:Maybe you're right. She made fantastic hot chocolate though, and i'm really going to miss that. I think I need to learn to be more self-reliant from now on, maybe even make my own hot chocolate from time to time.
text:haha, well your future partner might have something even better than that.	labels:One day i'll find a woman who can make the perfect macarons, since i've failed every time i've tried. Thank you for showing me that there is hope though.
text:of course, if you try to be your better version, a better girl will show up.	labels:I totally agree. Thank you for talking to me for the past few minutes :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how is life treating you today?.	labels:Life is alright, but I am facing a bit of anxiety with the lack of work available.
text:This is something that is affecting a lot of people during the pandemic. Would you like to talk a bit more about your situation?.	labels:I agree, the pandemic has made things really tough. I would be happy to talk more about my situation.
text:Are you in employment at the moment, even part time?.	labels:I am making a little bit of money doing online tasks for Amazon. But aside from that, no.
text:Ah, I hear you, I am in the same position. Where would you ideally like to see yourself in six months time?.	labels:In six months time, I hope to go to University and get a degree. But I will need to find some work before then.
text:That sounds very positive! What would you like to study? Will you work your way through?.	labels:I would like to study Economics ideally, and will work as hard as I can since it's very competitive.
text:I hear you sounding a little more positive when you try to focus on the future rather than the present.. What would you ideally like to be in the future?.	labels:Honestly, i'd really love to work as a diplomat or a civil servant. You have to be very highly qualified for those though, but a boy can dream...
text:That is a really worthwhile goal and I genuinely think that you can achieve it if you stick to your guns. Please try not to let one bad year put you off perusing your dream.	labels:Thank you for talking with me, it's been really helpful.
text:You are most welcome. We have five minutes left if there's anything you'd like to talk about in addition to what you have already told me.. Perhaps you could tell me if you feel a little more positive now? You do sound it.	labels:I am definitely feeling a bit more positive after this conversation. I think it's good to put things in context and focus on the future, as you said.
text:I am glad to have been able to help. We all need someone to talk to during a time like this. Perhaps you should make a plan for some sort of treat a month from now, when things will hopefully be better? Perhaps go out for a pizza night with friends or something?.	labels:That's a really good idea. A pizza night would be great for clearing my head.
text:I do enjoy promising myself treats if I fulfil certain goals. It can be anything at all!. Anyway it has been lovely to talk to you and I wish you all the best in the future.	labels:Yes, you too. Thank you for talking to me :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you?	labels:I'm alright, thanks. But I am a bit worried about the academic pressure I am facing.
text:Would you mind possibly telling me a bit more about it? I am not all that familiar with that, and it does sound intriguing.	labels:I have not done very well in my exams and i'm worried about what my parent's reaction will be when they find out.
text:I tend to worry at times too, and it almost always helps to talk about it with someone. Do you usually get along well with your parents?	labels:I agree, thank you for being open to talking to me. Yes, I do, but they have invested a lot in my education. And I feel that I have let them down.
text:It sounds to me like you're thinking that you've disappointed your parents by falling behind in class a little? I felt much the same way back when I was in college. My parents paid my way through school, and even got me to pursue a major that I had no interest in.	labels:Yes, that is exactly how I feel. My parents came from quite a rough background too, and they have sacrificed a lot to get me here.
text:I can tell you from personal experience and seeing others who've gone through similar events, your parents just may be a little upset right now, but they love you and really just want you to have a good and happy life. It sounds cheesy, I know, but it is actually true.	labels:Thank you, I hope so :)
text:I know it may sound silly, but you may want to start meditating on a regular basis. It truly does make a big difference in the amount of stress and worrying that you will find yourself not doing nearly so often.	labels:I've had other people say the same, thank you for the recommendation. I'll give it a try tonight.
text:Studies on the benefits of meditation, mindfulness, and yoga have been pretty definitive in the fact that it drops people's stress levels, and thus their cortisol levels, and makes a real change for the better. I do it myself and it really has worked well for me. That's great! You'll be so glad that you did, I just know it. Please make sure you get back in touch with me to let me know if it was beneficial for you as well. You might also want to consider having an honest conversation about this with your parents. Are you able to have conversations like that with them?	labels:I will definitely try and have a conversation with them (after some meditation, of course!) Thank you for talking to me over these past 15 or so minutes :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi. How are you today?	labels:I'm ok, feeling so overwhelmed.
text:it's really a terrible time.  you are definitely not alone in feeling that way.  Is there something specific going on?	labels:lately there has been a project at work in which extra help is required. the volume of things i have to take care of has increased, and my manager doesn't seem to care.
text:Is there a way you can write down in an email why the extra work is required and what specifically needs to get done in order to make this project successful for both you and your manager?	labels:i have sent her a spreadsheet showing how the project has increased my workload, but she brushes it off. it sucks that i'm working so hard and yet my paycheck does not support my basic needs.
text:I have had managers like that.  It's so frustrating.  Is there a way you can have an in-person meeting and show her how extra help will make HER look good?  Otherwise what I've done in the past is go over my immediate manager's head - or called a meeting with 3 of us. I have had managers like that.  It's so frustrating.  Is there a way you can have an in-person meeting and show her how extra help will make HER look good?  Otherwise what I've done in the past is go over my immediate manager's head - or called a meeting with 3 of us.	labels:that is a very good idea. maybe it is time to include her manager.
text:I feel for you because I've been there and I completely understand how you feel.  And yes including HER and her manager won't make her feel as though you're going behind her back.	labels:the other thing that has become an issue is her ridiculing me in front of others. there have been a number of incidents in which she has singled me out, and it has left me feeling disrespected.
text:ridiculing you how?  that's never ok. you have every right to feel upset about that. .	labels:i have reached out to HR regarding these incidents but they seem to be uninterested. i no longer want to come to work but i don't have a choice.
text:I wonder why HR isn't interested.  Have you put it in writing?  No one likes a paper trail that isn't acknowledged.	labels:i was vague with my initial contact to HR.
text:that has to be a horrible feeling to be in such a hostile work environment.  do you have coworkers who would be willing to back you up? there's definitely power in numbers!	labels:maybe, i'm not sure. it feels like everyone is afraid of my manager but yet no one will speak up.
text:if it's really that bad is there a way to get a transfer? .	labels:i have considered it, but due to the pandemic, everything is on freeze.
text:yes and that just makes things so much worse. .	labels:i'm withdrawing from the work and that's bad. i still care about the work, but the toxic environment is messing with me mentally.
text:maybe seek out someone more senior in a different department who can help.	labels:that's a good idea!
text:When I had a toxic manager I went in and did my work and kept to myself as much as possible.   But it does help to have allies throughout the company too!	labels:it might be worthwhile to try that approach. thank you for that advice!
text:you're very welcome.  I definitely understand what you're dealing with!	labels:i appreciate you sharing thoughts on my situation. take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:I am having a lot of anxiety and overeating because I cannot decide if I should switch jobs.
text:I see ... so you're having a career dilemma and this is affecting your overall physical health?.	labels:Yes because I am overeating a lot of sugar and junk food.  And I can't sleep.
text:Please try not to worry, this is a very common thing to happen to people. I will try to help you all that I can..	labels:Right, I can't decide what I should do, should I leave my job or not.
text:Do you feel as though another job might be more intellectually fulfilling for you?.	labels:That's a really good question.  I think it would, but I'm worried I wont be any good at it.
text:I understand how difficult it can be to take what might be a life changing move. I have been in that position myself. I can't tell you what to do but I can say that it worked out very well for me..	labels:I don't like feeling lots of anxiety, so I feel like I want to keep doing what I'm doing.  But then I don't want to miss out on this new opportunity.
text:Have you contemplated seeing your doctor? They might be able to help with your anxiety..	labels:I haven't thought about seeing a doctor.  It could help.  But I also feel like nothing can help me.
text:I know things can feel hopeless when you're in a bad mental place but please don't lose hope. Things will definitely improve but I think you should  take steps to help yourself too.	labels:Yes, that is it, it feels hopeless.  I've always had so much anxiety over my life, I'm so sick of it.  I wish I could just feel calm for a little bit.
text:I know that a very large percent of the population suffers from anxiety at some point or another. There are therapies that can help..	labels:Maybe I should seek treatment, I haven't thought about doing that. .
text:There are lots of different routes you can go down when it comes to treatment. Some people prefer therapy whilst others take medication, or a combination of the two.You have to find what works for you..	labels:That does sound like a good idea.  Since we are in COVID, I don't see or talk to anyone that I used it.  So I feel pretty lonely, just going in circles in my head.
text:Do you feel as though Covid is making your situation worse than it would otherwise be?.	labels:Definitely.  I can't see people that I used to or my parents.  It really sucks.  This year has been so stressful.
text:I have been having a really difficult year too. Roll on 2021!.	labels:I think it's hard for everyone.  I can't wait for it to be over.  I think we have another year till it's really over.  I'm I'm so tired already.
text:Me too! Let's hope January brings better things for all of us..	labels:I need to see friends and do activities.  It's more healthy for everyone that way. .
text:Yes. Once your anxiety subsides a little do you think that the job situation might solve itself?.	labels:I'm not sure. But I like your idea about getting help.  I will look into that tomorrow.  Thank you for that idea.
text:Your are most welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?.	labels:No Thank you Bye Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you tonight?	labels:I'm doing okay.
text:That's good to hear..	labels:How are you?
text:I'm doing great, thank you!	labels:You're welcome.
text:Is there anything that you wanted to talk about?	labels:Ya, I just feel down recently.
text:I'm so sorrry to hear. that. Is there any reason for it?	labels:My best  friend and I constantly argue.
text:That's so hard. Was there any cause for the arguing or is it just general tension?	labels:She hates who I'm dating and wants me to leave him.
text:THat's so hard. My best friend hated my ex boyfriend as well and we always fought about it. I tried really hard to understand where she was coming from. IN the end, she was right about somethings.. What was really helpful for me, was having us all spend time together so she could get to know him..	labels:Ok I will give that a try. He's very good to me and I care deeply for him.
text:You should try setting up a fun day for them where they can get to know each other..	labels:That's a great idea! Like bowling?
text:Bowling is gret!! would your best friend be open ot it?.	labels:Yes she would.
text:That's great!!! this way you can keep them both in your life..	labels:Okay we will try bowling. Thank you for the help.
text:Anytime! Do you need anything ese?	labels:No that was it!	episode_done:True
text:The virus is making it hard on me and causing me loneliness even more this season.\nI'm so sorry that you are feelingly lonely. If I may ask you a question, when did this start?	labels:It has been for awhile.. about 3 months ago.
text:Were you feeling lonely before the virus came this year?	labels:Not really. I had people to talk with.
text:It sounds that you are feeling lonely because you cannot talk to people face to face. Do I have that right?	labels:I WFH. I am a writer. Basically because I can not at least have the nise of the people around me at times.
text:I WFH as well. It can be very liberating, but oftentimes I feel lonely too. Do you have more than one job that you do at home?	labels:The only connection we have is like this. I try to write for a company. Personal views. My current living arrangements does not help either.
text:I know that it's really difficult right now, but it seems that the virus is going to get better in the new year. We need to push through these next few months and then it will be over.	labels:Do you feel that way? Are you taking the vaccine.
text:Yes, I do feel that way. And yes I will take the vaccine..	labels:I won't take the shot. I don't trust teh vaccine as it has side affects.
text:Apparently, the side effects are usually minimal and temporary if you have them at all. The people that are having severe reactions have had issues with vaccines previously. I would keep an open mind. It might help to ease your anxiety about the future. There are going to be several vaccines to choose from eventually.	labels:Im never take the vaccines. I never take the flu shot either.
text:It sounds like you're being selfish because you're not going to take the vaccine. Does that seem like a reasonable conclusion?	labels:If the vaccine is that great then why did it take so long to make. Why because of my personal beliefs, I am not being selfish. Do you wear a mask every place you go.
text:Yes, I do. It's not bothersome and it's the least I can do to keep myself and others safe.	labels:I protect myself wherever I go. However the people that ignore the mask are more of a health risk than my not getting the vaccine. have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:I am really feeling the loneliness of the season and being isolated..\nGood evening.	labels:Good evening.
text:So just so I understand, the holiday season is making you feel alone and isolated.	labels:Yes as well as the virus. Are we out of time.
text:Is there anything in particular about the holidays that is bothering  you?	labels:Just no family around.
text:I am also far away from my family for the holidays, so I know how hard that is.	labels:The virus this year does not help.
text:Not at all.	labels:ARe you affected by the virus.
text:Have you thought about setting up some video calls with your family during the holidays? I know a lot of people are doing that so they can feel closer to the family during these tough times/ I have not been able to travel as much due to the virus.	labels:I thought about he videos but my daughter lives in California.
text:That is tough, but I definitely think setting up a time to chat with her would help a lot!	labels:I have to arrange with her because she does not I am moving. It will bother her.
text:I can through our messages that this is a very tough season for you.	labels:I also know it is hard this year because of the virus.. i don't want to burden her. we are out of time..	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you doing?.	labels:I'm okay I guess.
text:You seem a little down. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?.	labels:I just don't feel like I'm good enough lately.
text:So you are experiencing feelings of inadequacy? That is very sad. Can you tell me why you think you feel this way? Has anything changed lately?.	labels:Yes I feel very inadequate. Recently my best friend and I can't get along. She's always upset at me about things I'm doing.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I've experienced difficulties with friendships too. Do you think you can talk with her?.	labels:I've tried taking to her, usually she gets very angry with me and starts yelling. She never listens to what I have to say.
text:It sounds a little as though her behaviour is toxic. Does the friendship really mean that much to you?.	labels:She means so much to me and she's my only friend.
text:So you feel that the friendship is worth fighting for, but she is not being responsive?.	labels:More than that, she's not being supportive of my decisions and that's all I want.
text:Was there one specific thing that triggered this or had it been coming for a long time?.	labels:She hates my boyfriend, she wants me to leave him. If i don't she doesn't want to hang around me as much. She said I have to choose him or her..
text:Would you consider having some counselling together? Perhaps talk through what is going on?. She has no right to issue you with an ultimatum like that..	labels:She moved all of her things out of our dorm room we share just because I'm still with my boyfriend. I woukd do counselling but I'm not sure she would.
text:I really feel as though you are the one putting all the effort in here and she is just making selfish demands on you.. Perhaps it is time to try and make some new friends? Join a society or something?.	labels:I've realized I want to spend the rest of my life with my boyfriend and I don't think she'll like that..
text:I think you know deep down what is the best thing to do. You don't need selfish people in your life..	labels:I'm a little reluctant, I'm very shy and struggle with making new friends, that's why she is do important to me.
text:You have your boyfriend though :). He will always be there for you - and not treat you as badly as she has!.	labels:Yes that's true. What do I say to her?
text:I don't think you owe her an explanation after how she has behaved. Leave her to make the next move. I hope I have been able to help you a little!.	labels:The problem is we technically share a room. She does come in occasionally.
text:I know that you must feel that this could be a problem but I think you will be able to just ignore her. I am afraid I must leave for my next appointment now..	labels:Okay! Thank you for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello.	labels:fuck Arteta , Burley still beat him today, it is seriously distasteful. hi.
text:How can I help you tonight>	labels:I cannot even eat let alone of sleeping. my club let me down.
text:So just so I understand, your sports club struggled today so you are frustrated by this.	labels:yes, on a big way , very frustrated.
text:I can tell how frustrated this has made you just from exchanging these few messages.	labels:the club has been struggling to win a premier league match since, you need to feel happy when you watch match but is on the other way round.
text:I completely understand the frustration, I am also a big sports fan and I get very frustrated when my team struggles.	labels:why is that coach still using the same pattern since? no technic work on the pitch at all. fuck him , I am down.
text:Have you thought about talking to other fans of the team to get their feelings on the subject? Sometimes it helps to vent to people who feel the same frustration as you,	labels:they are happy that my club is fucking up because I always proud of the club and the coach.
text:I understand completley.	labels:too disgusting.
text:Do you have any other sports teams you are a fan of?	labels:NO, I AM A BONAFIDE GUNNERS FAN.
text:What other hobbies do you have? Sometimes it helps to distract from a tough loss to engage in other hobbies to take your mind off of it.	labels:Listening to music.
text:I would definitely go listen to some music and get your mind off of things.	labels:ok...that's a best idea. i think i need to do that right now.
text:I think that would help!	labels:thanks a lot for your time. yes. bye.
text:No problem! If you ever need anything else don't hesitate to reach out!	labels:ok.	episode_done:True
text:hi. i am in need of money, help financially, all my family don't even think of me.\nHello. I am so sorry to hear that. I am unable to depend on my family as well. Did you have an unexpected expense? I have been looking for ways to make extra money as well... I completely understand how you feel in that aspect. Times are hard and stressful.	labels:you are right. time is seriously hard, I'm thinking of other way to make money, before i finish my study.
text:Are you in school and working at the same time? What have you found recently to make extra money? I have just started using ibotta for my groceries... its not much but once i think ive finally got it figured out. I've been on reddit the past few days looking for websites like mturk but I havent tried any that i feel compare yet..	labels:ok. i am in school and do a little 2 hours work. which could not fetch me enough money, I need to pay bills, feed myself and pay school fees.  I want to try mturk or do u have any other means of getting another income which is more better than mturk ?
text:It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed and excluded by your family, I'm sorry.	labels:I need to start living like an orphan.
text:I have tried pinecone, focus group, and a few others. none compare to mturk in my opinion. How long have you been using mturk? it definitely gets better with time. I'm still figuring it out but it has helped more than anything else i've tried. Did your family say why they wont help you out? maybe they are just unable to.	labels:they are just callous and selfish. I can't be working for them as a house boy. pinecone! what is the procedure.
text:Do you still live with them? Sometimes our own family takes advantage of us without meaning to. I'm sure that makes you feel unappreciated.. It's surveys... I think that one is supposed to be 3$ each but i've never qualified for one. Most that claim to be higher paying just ask you tons of questions and then say you dont qualify.	labels:I moved out from the fucking house before pandemic.
text:i saw one i'm going to try let me look up the name of it.. a lot of people were talking about it on an mturk forum saying positive things.	labels:ok.
text:Ok heres a few I am going to look into that i saw people talking about... microworker, clickworker, crowdsource. Reddit has helped me learn how to earn more on mturk.	labels:ok , Reddit?
text:yeah I have learned a lot by reading other peoples questions and suggestions. Things I wouldnt have even thought of. I know times are hard, I hope you can find some extra income and appreciation from your family.	labels:OK. Thanks for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello... I am feeling quite anxious.\nHi, I am very sorry to hear that. What it is you are feeling anxious about?	labels:CoVid and my job leave me worried every day.
text:So you are feeling anxious about losing your job due to COVID, just to clarify.	labels:Yes, I have been forced to work from home and I am unsure if my job will still be around in a month. I am worried I will lose my house if my job is eliminated.
text:Just from the few messages we have exchanged I can tell this is making you very anxious. Have there been any lay off's at your job due to COVID?	labels:It is making me anxious. There have been some layoffs in other departments. And, some people who decided to go in the office a few days have gotten CoVid.
text:I completely understand that feeling, as I was also very worried about my job when the pandemic started, Have you spoken with your manager about this? It might help to get some clarification from your manager about your job security?	labels:That is a good suggestion. I have actually been worried about the answer I would get or that I would get no real answer at all. the truth right now is scary.
text:I understand being worried about that, but I definitely think getting some clarity would help you out in the long run.	labels:I may try that this week. I feel a bit better, but how long can this go on? So many people have lost jobs and are sick or dying. Two people in my building have died. I think about lying in the hospital alone, no job, dying.
text:From the news I have seen the vaccine is coming soon and that is supposed to be very helpful to help get back to normal.	labels:I hope that is true. I miss my workmates. They are good friends. We all want to see each other again and have our jobs.
text:I know it is a super tough time, but I know you can make it through it!	labels:The worst days are when I keep the anxiety inside and don't talk much about how I feel.
text:I have struggled with anxiety in the past as well and it definitely helps to talk to people about it.	labels:I really appreciate your assistance today. I feel better and will take some action this week. Thank you! Good bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood afternoon.  How are you doing today?	labels:I've been better.
text:Sounds like you might be having a rough day.  Is there something specific on your mind?	labels:I've seen an increase in expenses recently and need to find a new job, however I really enjoy what I do. I'm just feeling very sad about it..
text:An uptick in expenses seems to be an issue for a lot of us right now.  Glad to hear you enjoy your job.  Sounds like you are a bit torn about leaving a great company.  Do I understand that right?	labels:That's right. It's hard to know what to do..
text:I can absolutely understand why your situation is difficult.  Have you had a chance to talk with your manager about another opportunity within the company that provides higher compensation?	labels:I've considered it, but I unfortunately work for a non-profit and the likelihood of them being able to offer another opportunity is pretty low. Do you think it would still be worth it to ask?.
text:That's fantastic that you work for a non-profit.  I've been looking to transition to an opportunity like that sometime in the future.  It must be so fulfilling.  I think asking would be a great first step.	labels:It's really nice to have mission driven work and would definitely recommend it. It's unfortunate that it's challenging for many non-profits to pay as much as they should. Thank you for the advice! I'm really hoping I don't have to leave..
text:As a secondary plan, have you had the chance to look at positions with similar non-profits?	labels:I have searched around a bit, but have come to find that there's not many similar non-profits where I live currently. I may consider relocating if it's the right job, but that's a lot of additional stress..
text:Additional stress right now certainly isn't anything anyone needs.  You may want to consider looking at resources online that provide comparable salary information for your position.  That would help with having a conversation with your current employer if you are being paid less than average.  Since they are a non-profit, I'm sure they would want to do everything to help you with your financial situation.	labels:That's a great idea - I have done some research but just kind of assumed most non-profits would be in the same boat. I'll do some looking around to see what I can find.
text:That sounds like a great next step.  Is there anything else on your mind that you'd like to chat about?	labels:That was all for today. Thank you for your help!.
text:It was my pleasure.  Have a wonderful rest of your day and keep your head high!	labels:Will do! I hope we can chat again some day!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello.	labels:How are you doing today?
text:I am doing well and how are you feeling today?	labels:I'm feeling okay today, a bit anxious for my finals this week.
text:Thank you for sharing, feeling anxious days before an exam is a normal.. I am also anxious about my upcoming exam this week..	labels:What is the exam for?
text:I am preparing to sit to become a clinical counselor. I can relate to feeling anxious. You are not alone.. What do you think is triggering your anxiety?	labels:I think it might be the fear of failure that triggered it.
text:Research has shown that fear of failure does stem from feelings of anxiety, but is it possible to look at fear of failure from a different perspective?	labels:I think it might be possible to look at it from a different perspective.
text:Do you think you can channel your fear of failure into positive energy?	labels:I think I probably could. How do you think I could do that?
text:You can turn your anxiety into extra energy to plan and prepare. . Having anxiety can give you a boost of energy, which gives you an advantage to achieve your goal.	labels:I can probably do that, the anxiety can motivate me to create a studying plan.
text:Yes, indeed. Having anxiety will keep you anchored to your study plan which would increase your ability to perform well for the exam.  .	labels:I can do that.
text:Awesome! In addition, as you follow your study plan, remember to pace yourself. .	labels:I will do that, thank you for your help.
text:You are welcome, I hope this session was helpful..	labels:It was, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?\nI am doing well, thanks for asking! How are you?	labels:Very disturbed.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Can you describe what's going on?	labels:I feel like my university career is a dead end, job-wise. Even though I am a STEM major, I feel like I'm wasting my time putting all this effort into education.
text:What is your career, if you don't mind me asking?	labels:I study civil engineering.
text:That sounds like a very difficult major to study. That's a very notable goal!	labels:Thank you. Did you ever have to go through a similar kind of experience?
text:I have had a similar experience. I am studying to become a certified optician at the moment.. Is there anything in particular that is making you feel this way towards your goal?	labels:Probably, the fact that my degree does not make me stand out among other applicants. It is an expectation nowadays. And the fact that I am putting so much resources into it, without the guaranteed payoff, makes me extremely nervous..
text:It sounds like you're worried a lot about your career's future, if that sounds correct?	labels:Yes, that's the situation..
text:I think that's a completely normal feeling. It shows that you really care about your future and where you're going.	labels:I assume, everyone goes through that to a certain extent..
text:It is! How long have you been studying civil engineering?	labels:It's my junior year. So hopefully I'll graduate next year, unless I have to make a victory lap...	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you feeling today?	labels:i was sad to today. my partner cheating with me.
text:Can you tell me a little about what happened? Oh No! I can understand why you would be sad.	labels:today both are check to my company account  there are lot of money different to my company account. hello are you there.
text:It sounds like you found out because you saw strange charges on your account. Is that right?	labels:yes, is that right.
text:Sometimes bringing this up with your partner can help you feel better. Have you tried this?	labels:yes lot of time i will favor to my partner.
text:I've been in a similar situation before. It helped me to talk about it.	labels:yes, tell me.
text:I went to couples therapy to help work things through. Would you consider that?	labels:ok i will try it.
text:It sounds like we've come up with a plan to help you. I know you can do it!	labels:yes thanks for advice to my situation, i feel better.
text:You're welcome!	labels:thanking you support.
text:No problem. I'm glad you have a plan.	labels:yes.	episode_done:True
text:Are you there, and do wish to chat?	labels:i am here thank you.
text:How can I be of support to you?	labels:i am presently in a bad mood when i take into account the amount of money i gave my ex and her totally refusing to compensate me for my loss.
text:The virus is keeping me isolated. Looking to chat. I will like to chat. I can relate to that.	labels:go right ahead and chat i am receptive.
text:My x is taking me to court for past due even though there is a virus. How long have you been divorced. It sucks.	labels:the divorce took place three years ago. i let her handle the whole thing to save money on attorneys. i was willing to do anything to end the relationship, especially forfeit the money I gave her to improve her home $30000 so she could get it refinanced because of an impending balloon loan coming due. i thought she would be grateful but she kept after my bank account while destroying my soul. i had to escape her, whatever the cost. i paid with my emotions.
text:So your x is wanting more, mine is doing so to control me.	labels:the sad part is that i was a young widower with a small child and when i remarried i considered myself a hero for caring for my dying wife and my son. all i ended up being was a sucker. she smelled a sucker and she went after my good side.
text:I can understand the emotion part as mine had lawyer who that encouraged her to seek more. I am not wanting to be with anyone because my x is jealous and wants me alone. I desire romance but feel that supporting two wives is too much.	labels:lawyers are unprincipled rats who bend the truth as long as they can get away with it. wouldn't trust one as far i could push him. i only got through the worst of it at the time because i knew how to meditate and because i took extremely long walks. what a price to pay! Now my friends say, don't ever get married again. Where were they when I was closing in on this fiend?
text:Long walks alone sucks. I want to so much hold a hand walking, but I know she will try to stop any involvement.	labels:forget her. ignore her. time is valuable but waiting for the air to clear helps. i tried dating again but the pool of available ladies is really a swamp. gotta get really lucky or stay clear.
text:I realize the desire to be alone, but find a female friend that wants to spend time together to keep you from feeling like you are going it alone.	labels:looks like i am being the supporter here but give it time. alone is much better than being sucked down into the muck..	episode_done:True
text:Hi! how are you today?	labels:Hi ok I guess. Very worried.
text:What are you worried about?	labels:I am being evicted. I am very scared I will not find a place to go in time.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. When will that happen? You should start looking through places online, there are tons of sites online..	labels:December 31st the CDC moratorium ends alot of people will be homeless. Many are fake we are in a housing crisis.
text:It's true, it's so horrible. I am so sorry to hear that. Have you tried reaching out to family?	labels:Yes, I may be going to my brother's to wait out the pandemic. Hoping many people will speak up.
text:I think so, it;s great that you have a brother. Family is so important right now to help all of us stay sane in this pandemic..	labels:We definitely should all pull together. I am also hoping to find some grassrooots charities for people like me without families.
text:There are aa ton! If you search online or on social media. I've recently started to get involved with many of them. There are ones providing food, home goods, and even housing for people impacted by the pandemic..	labels:I contacted the community law program, thanks for the idea. Sending them an email after this..
text:That's so great! IT will make you feel good to be proactive and do something.. You can also take this time to focus on hobbies and other things that you wnat..	labels:Agreed! Thanks for your support!
text:It was my pleasure..	labels:I am noy allowed to feel better for 3 more minutes so I guess I am still working on it. Where have you found your most useful resources?
text:No way! you should try to be poistiive. I"ve found most of my useful resources by just googling and spending time looking through results. I also have surprisingly found a lot on social media - like twitter..	labels:Twitter seems to be where I have also found most of mine.
text:That's great! IT's also a good place because you can ask questions..	labels:yes, and get advice sometimes. I do like to keep the corcle small tho. THank you.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon. Hope you are surviving he virus.\nHello, I hope you are as well. Is anything the matter?	labels:I am just looking for a friend to chat with. Just feeling lonely.
text:I feel the same way. I cant wait for life to be normal again. It has been a hard year.	labels:The virus has stopped people from meeting. What about you? I don't know if life will ever be normal again.
text:Do you live alone? Do you mean meeting new people or getting together with people you already know? I am naturally an introvert, so it honestly didnt bother me the first month or so... but I'm so over it now. I wish I had taken advantage of freedoms we had before all of this..	labels:I currently live in a place that is totally lonely. It is not because of the virus but just because people aren't able to reach out or there are no viable places to meet and greet.. The freedoms are still there but the fear of getting the virus stops people from normal life..
text:I think it will pass eventually, but who knows when. It feels like every where you look things are falling apart sometimes. What kind of place do you live in?	labels:Currently I live in a hotel getting ready to travel to another state. What about you?
text:You're so right.... I miss not fearing the virus. I don't fear at as much as I did, but I fear giving it to a loved one. Do you travel a lot for work?	labels:No for personal reasons. I just find the disparity between wearing the mask in some states is not as demanding s others. Here the masks do not seem to be mandatory, but 100 miles and it is necessary..
text:Some people are on lockdowns, I'm nervous about our income in the next few months with the talk of more stay at home orders. I know it feels like itll be like this forever but I really dont believe it will. It may get worse before it gets better but I think things will go back to normal eventually.	labels:I think we are in a long period of recovery because the country has too many laws in different states that are causing demands on the health system.
text:I have traveled states recently and the difference is crazy! I went through Tennessee, missippi, and alabama and stopped a few times.. some places are just going on like normal, hardly any masks.. in arkansas you never see anyone indoors without one..	labels:Too much politics behand the virus and helping the people. Florida is mandatory, but Georgia is lacks. Tennessee is mandatory but other states are not as caring.
text:I totally agree. And you never know what is true or not. Its stressful. I'm in georgia now and most people do not wear them unless asked. I've only been required to at dr appointment. Is it mandatory where you are now?	labels:No except at WalMart. Georgia has a high virus rate, yet no mandatory masks.
text:There are signs here but half the shoppers dont wear them. I think people here dont fear it as much as other places..	labels:There is no mandatory requirement for the mask, especially at the convenient stores.. You walk in and the employees don't even wear them. The screens aren't  going to stop the spread.
text:So you travel because you want to? YES the gas station closest to me.... I have been in there every other day recently and never seen a person in a mask. The employees at the dollar general close to me dont wear them either. I dont think it will either honestly. Sometimes I feel guilty if I'm not wearing one. The uncertainty of everything gets to me..	labels:I wear mine for my own protection. What about you? I have to travel to Virginia soon and I want to arrive clean. I am only traveling now because of issues otherwise I would be in FLorida. I miss the bneaches.
text:I wear mine to protect other people.... I do have health issues that could complicate things but I dont thing it will stop me from getting it.. I MISS THEM TOO. We were in PCB last summer and everyone was freaking about the water lol. we had no idea what was coming.	labels:I understand for protecting others, but when the people around you ignore the virus and refuse a mask, they aren't concerned about you. What part of Florida. I was near Stuart and Jensen Beaches. Masks are mandatory otherwise no entry at the stores.
text:well I hope you are able to connect with people soon.. I think these are cool.. Its nice to talk to new. Youre right generally people dont care for other people, but I'm not that way. Panama City Beach.. new people*	labels:I care about others, but what good is it if they ignore your health. Hey glad yo chat. Catch you later.	episode_done:True
text:hello, what is on your mind today?	labels:I'm really sad because I'm feeling left out of my freind's group.
text:why is that? because of covid?	labels:No it's always been like that. They will make plans in front of me and not invite me,
text:so, your friend and thier friends make plans in front of you but dont invite you? have you ever just showed up? maybe they assume talking in front of you is like an invite. or have you ever asked your friend what is going on?	labels:Yeah. They will also talk about how they did something previously and I wasn't invited. That's not my personality. I think it's rude to show up or assume.
text:that has to be frusterating. have you thought about moving on and finding better friends? it sounds like you are a great person and you deserve a lot better than that..	labels:I have always been shy and have a very hard time making friends. My hisband is also in the military so we move a lot and it's a constant struggle of trying to fit in with new people. Thank you for saying that.
text:i understand that, i am an army veteran.	labels:Yeah it can be very hard.
text:what about having a dinner for some other couples in his unit? have him plan a get together? even drinks and bowling or something.	labels:Unfortunately we can't do that right now because his base is under strict rules for covid. But normally that would be a good idea.
text:fair enough. well maybe you can just hang in there till this stupid virus thing is over i heard the fda has approved a vaccine for emergency purposes . i bet military will be some of the first to get it..	labels:Yeah that is true.
text:i bet once they get the soldiers vaccinated the  rules on get togethers will get less strict!	labels:You're probably right about that.
text:just hang in there till 2020's over, we don't much longer till 2021, and then its a whole new year!.	labels:I hope so!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.  How are you doing today?	labels:Hello. Not so good.
text:I'm sorry to hear that.  What is on your mind?	labels:Thank you. On top of losing my job, my electric/water about to be turned off, my car was repossessed last night.
text:I lost my job too during the pandemic.  Sounds like you are going through a similar situation due to Covid and are struggling with your finances.  Did I understand your concern correctly?	labels:Yes, exactly. I have 4 kids I am trying to provide for so I am really feeling at a loss right now.
text:There are a lot of people like us going through this difficult time.  Are you talking with friends or family about your situation?	labels:Honeslty, I don't have friends. I just spoke with my Uncle, he understands but can't help.
text:I'm certainly glad your uncle is there to talk to.  I know family can be a source of strength.  Have you been able to find any assistance from local organizations?	labels:I got approved for  food stamps but other than that I don't know where to start looking.
text:Food stamps is a good start.  My parents just applied and were approved for a small amount, which is a start.  You might want to check your local government website or for local charities.  Does that sound like something you'd be interested in researching?	labels:Yes I will. I need all the help I can get right now..
text:I am really sorry you are having to go through this.  You sound like a very strong person that will find the right solution.  It took a lot for you to seek support.	labels:Thank you. I just don't know what else to do. Thank you for listening to me.
text:I'm here as long as you need to chat.  I'd recommend reaching out to the electric and water companies to get those turned back on.  They likely have special programs to help during the pandemic.  Once you have a chance to review the local government and charity options, you can look to get your car back.  Take it one step at a time and things will start to get and feel better for you..	labels:I really hope so. I am going to look for government help now. Thank you.
text:That's great.  Is there anything else that would be helpful for us to discuss?	labels:No, but thank you for listening and giving me ideas..
text:Glad I could be of assistance.  I wish you the best during these trying times.	labels:Thank you. Good luck to you!.	episode_done:True
text:hello, what is on your mind today?	labels:I am so stressed out because my business has suffered this year. I am very worried I may have to close and I won't be able to pay my bills.
text:that is really tough. a lot of people are going through that, you are not alone. what kind of business do you have?	labels:I sell cosmetics. I think a lot of people don't have money to buy non essential items right now.
text:christmas is right around the corner though, and it is almost the 15th. military get paid the 1st and 15th so there is still hope for a christmas rush! tax season is right around the corner too... there is defineately still reason to keep hope.	labels:That might be true. I just don't know that business will ever recover..
text:are you online or in store?	labels:Mostly online.
text:thats great then, online businesses are less likely to fail. you know, i am in construction and there are soo many zoom meetings. honestly, i was in an office with 4 people and hardly wore make up. now with all these meetings i amd doing meetings constantly and i have had to start wearing more make up to look more profesional. i know it can be scry, but you ust have to keep a positive attitude.	labels:Yeah we don't have to shut down. But with so many people struggling to make ends meet, there just doesn't seem to be enough left over to buy extra things. and that's true. There are people on zooms that want to wear makeup.
text:also, i think it depends on where you are in the world. covid hit my area really hard around april/may, but things are completely back to normal now. people hardly wear masks, stores are open, it just takes time.	labels:That's definitely not the case here. But I can see what you mean.
text:maybe you could distritubute samples to hospitals for the nurses as a christmas present. put your card in. you KNOW they have job stability and it could lead to sales!	labels:That's something to think about.
text:if you have a facebook page you can always make a post saying you are giving back to the community by giving the essential workers chrismas gifts.... it could make people in your community want to support you back!	labels:Yeah that's true too..
text:i think you will be fine. you are resourceful, you are supplementing income with mturk, thats awesome. you seem to have a good head on your shoulders.	labels:Yeah I think you're right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you\\nI am well than you, and yourself?	labels:I am good, I was wondering if you could help me with advice from a breakup that I went through many years ago.
text:You went throught a breakup a few years ago?	labels:Yes, but I still think about it all the time. It still bothers me. Has something similar happened to you before.
text:How long ago was the breakup?	labels:Many years ago this was not recent at all.
text:I had a bad breakup that I thought about for about 6 months.  Then I realized that life moves on.  If it did not work out, it was for a reason.	labels:But none of my partners have lived up to her. How did you come to that realization. Was it just time or was there something that you actually did.
text:I thought about the good times and bad.  I went over why it didn't work.  I realized that it never would have.  Then I carried that new knowledge to my next relationship.	labels:Oh that is good advice. did it work for you or would you suggest that I do something like this. or something slightly different.
text:It was time and meeting new people/partners.  I knew after the breakup more about myself and what I needed in a long term/life long partner. Have you been dating other people?	labels:Yes since that time I have dated other people , and many of them have been great people.
text:They have been great people?  You need to learn/remember what you liked most about the partner that you are talking about, what you didn't like most, and find both a new partner.	labels:It still keeps lingering in the back of my head about my ex even though I have had other great partners. Yes this is good advice thank you.
text:I know you will find the rigt person..	labels:Thank you this is very kind and helpful advice, and it is helpful to know that it comes from experience.
text:It took my 2 years after my last breakup to find my now wife!  Just be patient and keep looking.	labels:Please tell me if there are any other things that I should try that you have not mentioned as well?>
text:Well, you could read a few books about relationships?  Do some research.	labels:Are there any particular books or authors that you would recommend.
text:Not really, I would just look online, and type in relationship books and look at reviews.	labels:That is good, I have a friend that only reads these types of books, I could ask him for some suggestions, I don't want to seem like I am being a burdun to him though. He is a counselor and I am sure that he is frequently asked to help people when he just wants to be a normal friend.
text:You think you will burden him?  You are not a burden. We all have different gifts that my benefit our friends.  That is part of being a good friend.	labels:I just don't want to ever feel like I am being a burden to people,.
text:You are not.  Be confident in yourself.	labels:That is very true that different people have different gifts that they want to share I never thought of it like that.
text:Glad I could help.	labels:Have a great day and thank you.
text:You as well.	labels:oh wait. have we reached the appropripriate amount of time.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHow can I help you?.	labels:I'm have recently lost my job and I am scared about the future and how I will cope..
text:I am so sorry to hear that. I have previously lost a job and I know how distressing it is. Can you tell me about it?.	labels:I just feel very worried. There are no other jobs around and I don't know how I will provide for my family..
text:So you are feeling as though you are letting your family down?.	labels:Yes.
text:I can understand how that feels. Have you tried to talk to them about it?.	labels:Yes, but there are no real solutions. I don't know what to do..
text:Do you feel as though you are going through all of this on your own?.	labels:Yes, a bit. It's scary not knowing what is going to happen..
text:Do you know that there are people out there who can help you? Have you tried contacting some charitable organisations that will provide counselling for free?.	labels:No I didn't know. That sounds helpful.
text:They can be really very helpful. I have reached out to them myself previously.	labels:Ok, thank you. I will see if I can find some local to me..
text:The job market is very uncertain right now but please know that you are not alone!.	labels:Yes it's very uncertain, and very scary to experience.
text:Have you considered retraining?	labels:I think I'm too old for that..
text:There is no such thing as too old! I have a friend who trained as a teacher at age fifty..	labels:Maybe I should explore what options there are..
text:There are a lot of options out there. Perhaps you should see a career advisor?.	labels:Yes, that's a good idea. Thank you..
text:Do you have any ideas of things that you'd like to do?. Do you have any ideas of things that you'd like to do?.	labels:I think I will speak to a charity about if they can help. I will think about talking to a career advisor and retraining. Thank you for your help..
text:So you feel that you could retrain?.	labels:Maybe. I will need to give it some thought..
text:I know how frightening it can be. But if you strike out there, you never know!.	labels:Thank you. I guess I have to try.
text:Well if you don't try you will never know what might have happened. I wish you all the very best with it..	labels:Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:Hii. Hii. Today i am very sad.
text:Why are you feeling sad?	labels:My friends always cheating me.
text:That sounds difficult. How does that make you feel other than sad?	labels:Yes i feel very bad.
text:You feel bad about the situation. Tell me more?	labels:My friends always avoiding me.
text:Can you think of any strategies you might be able to use to stop your friends from avoiding you?	labels:Yes i am anytime talk about my friends.
text:You try to talk to your friends about how you feel?	labels:Sometimes feel good sometimes they are irritating me.
text:So you feel mixed emotions if i understand you correctly?	labels:No i feel happy talk about me.
text:Tell me more about you then?	labels:I am very jolly type and independent person and easy mingle for every one.
text:It sounds like you have lots of positive attributes and you are a good friend..	labels:Ok thank you for your positive comment.
text:Is there anything else you'd like to chat about?	labels:Yes i talk to about my friends.
text:Tell me about your friends?	labels:My friends are very jolly type but sometimes they activites sometime worst.
text:Sometimes you don't like the activities they do? Have you thought of any ways you might be able to get them to do activities you do like?	labels:Yes i am do that my work.
text:It sounds like you have a plan.	labels:Ye i have some plan to my life.
text:I'm glad to hear that you are feeling more positive about things..	labels:O i see thank you.
text:No problem.	labels:Ok.
text:Is that all for today?	labels:No you question me i will answer.
text:What would you like to talk about?	labels:I talk about my friends and my life.
text:We have talked about your friends and your life and you feel like you have a plan moving forward..	labels:Yes i have plan move for my with my own rules.
text:You're going to move on by your own rules. Tell me more?	labels:I have independted life.
text:I'm glad to hear that.	labels:Yes your wish.
text:Take care.	labels:Ok.	episode_done:True
text:Hello my boss and mentor was just diagnosed with cancer.\nHello there, I am really sorry to hear that. Can you give me any more details?.	labels:It showed up in her eyes. Right now they aren’t sure what stage until she gets more details.
text:You must be feeling very distressed about it right now. I am happy to talk about it..	labels:Yes. She is trying to be strong and only told about 4 people. I am trying to be strong for her but it is hard not seeing someone in person right now..
text:I know that this is a very difficult time for everyone, given the current situation with Coronavirus. It can't make things any easier for her..	labels:No. It’s hard to have a good support system and I’m worried about her.
text:Does she have anyone else around her who is supporting her?.	labels:She has her husband but limited friends in there area. I want to make sure I am being there and providing correct support.
text:Do you feel that you are not offering as much support as you might?.	labels:Correct. She lives in another state. I’m not sure how to properly support her..
text:I know how you feel. It can be very difficult to know what to say if someone is seriously ill. Sometimes it's better just to offer quiet support and tell people that you are there to listen if they need you..	labels:That is good advice. Have you been through something like that?
text:Yes I have. My sister in law was diagnosed with cervical cancer and I wanted to be supportive but I had no real idea what to say..	labels:How did you manage to support her. How did you make sure your mental health was also okay?
text:I actually talked to a counsellor about it. I think that you should do that, it might help you a lot..	labels:I think that is good advice. Maybe even a cancer support group? I want to make sure I’m encouraging her.
text:Counselling can be expensive but there are some charities out there that offer a few sessions for free. Yes that is an excellent idea and you could both join the same group.	labels:That is a good idea. I know with covid it is important to be mindful of cost.
text:How do you feel in yourself at the moment? Are you worried about your own health?.	labels:I’m not worried about my health. More worried and sad about her. Especially not knowing how severe it is yet. It seems like any extra stress this year is harder to handle.
text:You are certainly not the only one who is feeling this - it has been a terrible year. Cancer is bad at any time but this year it is especially awful..	labels:I agree. It feels like everything is just a bit harder to get through.
text:I am hoping that in the New Year things will be better .. maybe in January the world will look like a more positive place..	labels:I’m trying to be hopeful to. That said I think it will take another year or two to get there.
text:I hope that things go well with you and your mentor..	labels:Thank you. This conversation has helped and you were able to offer good suggestions. I think I will try to apply this going forward. And find a group to join.
text:I am glad that I was able to help. I wish you all of the very best in the coming year.. A group is an excellent idea!. There are lots of online support groups you might find helpful..	labels:Thank you. I wish you the best to during the next year. Maybe a hard year is what we needed to appreciate the easier years.
text:This could be true but I want to have an easier year next year!!.	labels:Agrees. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you?	labels:I am doing ok.  How are you?
text:I'm doing well, thanks for asking. What are you seeking support for today?	labels:I have been struggling for motivation to do anything the past couple weeks.  This is a really hard time of year for me.  I lost my cousin in a car accident at the age of 14 in a car accident coming up on 20 years this year.  We were very close.  I was 17 at the time.  Her was an alcoholic and my parents raised her a majority of her life.  Then 3 years ago 5 days after her death anniversary I lost my boyfriend at the age of 32 in a car accident.  I dread the holidays. .
text:Thank you for sharing that. It sounds like you are describing a strong association between the holiday season and loss of loved ones. This leads to less of a desire to engage in typical holiday events. Does that sound right?	labels:You are exactly right.  The year my cousin got killed her mom was hungover so I went and picked up my cousin and her little brother to take them to our grandparents house for Christmas dinner.  She died 4 days later on Dec 29th.  And my boyfriend it was his first day back to work after the New Year.  He died on Jan 3rd.. I usually go all out for the holidays to try to hide my depression every year.  This year I just can't bring myself to enjoy them.  I have even bought one christmas present.
text:I can see why this time of year is difficult for you. Trying to hide depression can be a challenge. Rather than hiding the sadness or grieving feelings, some people find relief in acknowledging and sharing these feelings with family members who may relate. Do you ever share these feelings with your cousin or grandparents that you mentioned?	labels:My cousin doesn't live around here and we have never been real close.  He is alot younger than me.  We just never had the connection like his sister and I did.  And both my grandparents have passed away.  Grandpa has been gone for 12 years and Grandma has been gone for 4 now. My family has always been really good about talking about our loses. Things just will never be the same. .
text:I understand. When losses are experienced it is a great change in many aspects of our lives.. Are there any aspects of the holidays that bring you joy? Maybe holiday music, movies, bright snow (if there is snow where you live), or seeing joy on someone's face when you give them a great gift?	labels:They say it gets easier. And I agree it does.  Things just have changed so much.  I miss how life was before I lost them.
text:I understand - and it is normal to feel that way. When we lose someone who brought us happiness, it is only natural to miss them and their company..	labels:I love giving gifts.  And I always put lots of thought into the gifts I give.  My nieces and nephews can't wait every year to see what I got them. .
text:That's great! You must have a special talent for personalizing your gift selections. Perhaps focus on that reaction from you nieces and nephews to support your motivation for giving gifts this year..	labels:This year I am tie dying hooded sweatshirts.  I make tshirts for a hobby.  And to tell you the truth thats the only gifts I have gotten so far.  My oldest daughter turned 18 this year and lives with her boyfriend so its just me and my 15 year old daughter.  She struggles with depression/anxiety as well.  Her dad has been in jail for some stupid actions since August.  She has had to deal with him being an addict pretty much her whole life.  I think we are both missing how the holidays were with her sister still living at home.  Too much change in our lives in such a little time frame.
text:Wow, what a great gift idea! That is a solid start on your gifts for the season, and something to be proud of..	labels:They will love them.  A couple years ago I put their names on fleece blankets when I worked at an embroidery shop.  They absolutly loved them!
text:And I see, it sounds like the changes in your life are potentially impacting your daughter as well. However, I'm glad you have each other for support this season. This year has been crazy for many reasons, and many people tend to find comfort in routines or traditions. Do you and your daughters have any holiday traditions you typically complete? Awesome gift idea! Personalized gifts are always so heartfelt and appreciated. Good thinking!	labels:Just the normal traditions.  My oldest daughter will be here for Christmas morming.  Then we go to my parents. . Thank you for chatting with me tonight!  I hope you have a good rest of your night.	episode_done:True
text:hello there, how are you?	labels:I am ok.  Kinda having a rough day today.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it?.	labels:Sure.  It's coming up on 3 years next month that I lost my boyfriend in a car accident.  Its just really rough this time of year.
text:Oh I am so sorry to hear that. I cannot imagine how hard that must have been for you..	labels:Extremely hard.  I remember that morning like it was yesterday.  He got killed within an hour after leaving the house on his way to work.
text:He was killed so soon after you last saw him?.	labels:Very soon.  And the worst thing is I was upset with him that morning.  He had an addiction to xanax.  I was not ok with it.  He had went and got some that morning and he would always give them to me so I could give them to him so he didn't take them all.  I was so upset that he went and got them.  He was packing up his truck with things to take to the new shop that day.  He was a tattoo artist and just started a new job.  I didn't even get out of bed to help him and he knew I was upset with him.
text:Have you considered any sort of bereavement counselling? Addiction in a partner is a very hard thing to have to deal with. It is not your fault!.	labels:I had decided that I was gonna wait to hear from him that day instead of texting or calling him.  I wanted him to realize how upset his addiction made me. Instead the phone call I got was that he had been killed.
text:Do you feel any sort of guilt about it? You should not, of course, but do you wonder if things would have been different if you had talked to him first?	labels:I haven't done any counseling.  I know I should and it would probably help me.  I don't know why I have not. .
text:I have previously had counselling and found it very useful but there is a long waiting list for a free counsellor.	labels:I don't feel guilt about it.  Now at least.  I was pretty hard on myself at first.  But I know that he knows why I was upset that morning.  It was something we dealt with a lot. .
text:Are you still in touch with his family and friends?	labels:I went and talked to a therapist once right after and never went back.  And I don't know why.  He was amazing to talk too.  But I just never went back.
text:I think you should do things in your own time but I would recommend doing it again one day..	labels:I don't have any contact with his family.  I actually had to block them on all social media.  They are extremely religous.  Which there is nothing wrong with that.  But he didn't have the best relationship with any of them.  They couldn't accept him for who he was.  His biological father didn't have anything to do with him.  His mom was remarried and had two more kids and they didn't treat my boyfriend very good growing up.  He ended up living with his grandparents.  He finally had acceptance in my family.  He actually talked to my mom more than I did lol.
text:Sounds like a very complicated set up. It is sad when family members become partially estranged from one another..	labels:His family has been pretty horrible to me and my girls.  And I know it's because they have guilt for the way things were with their relationship.  They didn't even invite me and my girls to the burial of his ashes. .
text:That is extremely offensive and I think you would have had the right to contest that..	labels:It's very sad.  Not what I wanted at all.  But they were really horrible to me and my girls.  I know he would not be happy that they have treated us so poorly.
text:I hope that you are able to come to terms with things in the near future. Please try and focus on your girls and not worry so much!	labels:His sisters went and cleaned out and took everything he had from the shop the day after the funeral.  Which really hurt.  The stuff he had there meant alot to me.
text:I think you should talk to someone about this. Maybe a lawyer? There must be something people can do to help..	labels:I hope I can too.  I just take everything day by day.  I start a new job this week and hopefully things will start looking up.  The last 3 years have been rough to say the least.
text:I have to wrap this up now but I wish you all the very best for the future. Please try and reach out to people for help!.	labels:We weren't married. And of course he didn't have a will.  He was only 32.  So according to his family I have no legal rights. Thank you for chatting with me. .
text:You are very welcome!.	labels:Have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?	labels:Hi I am doing okay, how are you?
text:I'm good, you can go ahead and tell me your problems.	labels:I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not..
text:Can you tell me what  happened that makes you consider that?	labels:About a month ago I found him looking at provocative pictures on Instagram of girls he didn't know but I am friends with and he admitted he did that repeatedly on many occasions, even when I was at his house in the other room. he also searched for repeatedly this girl in one of his online classes who is very provocative to look at inappropriate pictures of her and I thought that was super weird I was so annoyed.
text:Have  you told him how you feel and asked him to stop doing that?	labels:yeah and he has stopped he deleted insta but it still hurt my feelings and trust a lot. and he lied to my face abt watching porn, I would not have been mad at all so there was no reason to lie about it but it made me sad and feel rly bad that he couldn't tell me.
text:Ok, it's a good thing that he stopped. What he did was bad though, no denying that..	labels:its not cheating though bc he never did anything w anyone its just a violation of trust buuutt I don't know how big of a deal it is.
text:Maybe he feels ashamed about watching porn, that's why he tried to hide. I would hate it too if my partner watches porn.	labels:yeahhh, my friends have given me very mixed opinions abt what to do lol.
text:Other than that, is there anything else?	labels:and it wasn't just like he lied once he did it constantly over the course of a year of dating  and hid everything and cleared his search and all that. he gets very upset when I bring it up. that's mostly our issue its just hard for me to move past it bc I was cheated on by someone else in the past so it makes me hard for me to forgive him and not be jealous lol.
text:I think you should be firm, let him know how much you hate what he did and how much it affected you. I think it's a serious issue, him not being honest with you over trivial things. At the same time, breaking up  without any other issues is kind of not optimal considered you;ve dated for 1 year.	labels:I mean I def let him know I hate it.
text:Did you see any changes in behavior after that?	labels:I feel like its maybe not something worth breaking up over but its just gross and makes me feel bad.
text:you should tell him that, and let him the problem is you feel disrespected when he watches porn while dating you.	labels:yeah truuue tysm. one of the girls he lusted over goes to college w us and she literally got kicked out of her sorority last year for sexually assaulting a guy who was passed out drunk and posted it on her snap story and he didn't care at all bc she posted cute pics of her booty lmao I was just so disgusted since I was r*ped last year at a frat house and like idk how u can still have any kind of attraction to people who do terrible things like that. its so annoying boys are gross and I am def overly sensitive but its frustrating lol.
text:I am so sorry to hear that, you are not oversensitive at all. Trust me, any normal girls would feel the same.	labels:I appreciate it. should I break up with him since I can't get over him doing that.	episode_done:True
text:hello there, how is life treating you?	labels:life is pretty bad latley. feels like stress after stress.
text:I am so sorry to hear that, can you tell me a bit about what is wrong?.	labels:2020 has just been a bad year, i got kicked out of my dads house and also lost my main job because i was working with him. im trying to go back to school now but with a part time job it feels hard to do that.
text:So you have been made homeless and have lost touch with one of your closest relatives?.	labels:I still ilive with my mother but he was a big part of life. i feel wrong by the situation.
text:I understand how you feel. I am estranged from my mother. Is there any chance you could reconcile?.	labels:I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it gets better. We are in family therapy but he refuses to apologize.
text:There is a good deal of therapy available for your circumstances. Do you think you should try a different kind?	labels:what other options are there?
text:There is free therapy available for people who feel that they cannot get along with one or both parents.	labels:I am already in therapy with him but it doesnt seem to be helping that much.
text:Please know that you are not alone in this situation..	labels:Thank you i appreciate that.
text:Do you think it might be better to make a totally clean break and move on from your dad then?.	labels:its hard to do that since everyone in my family thinks i should move on and forgive him. i find it hard to forgive someone who is unapologetic.
text:I hear you saying that you feel that you are being unfairly blamed for things, is this true?.	labels:yes it is.
text:Do you feel that perhaps holding onto this relationship is doing harm to you?.	labels:I think if things were to continue as they were then it would be. I am more hurting now knowing that someone who is suppose to be there has been able to drop me so quickly over something very small.
text:Can you tell me some more specific details.	labels:We were having issues at work due to covid and he did not want to help me with any of the work that was required. He had invited me over to his house to which I found my clothes in a trash bag and he wanted to talk to me which i was reluctatnt after that. we ended up having a talk to which I told him that his job is patient care since he is a physician and he took great offense to that. thus truly kicking me out.
text:To me this sounds like a very toxic relationship. I have been in a similar situation and I really think that it is best that you move on from this. You do not need this level of toxicity in your life.	labels:I know its toxic but the influence from other family members makes it hard since everyone is so accustom to how he acts and they let it slide.
text:Unfortunately that is often how it works with such people. Would you be able to make a completely new break and move away? I know it's hard.	labels:I am trying the therapy to not be the stubborn one and say that i atleast tried but if it does not work then that seems to be the only option unless he makes changes.
text:So you feel that you are trying hard to mend the quarrel but he is not putting in any effort himself?	labels:I dont feel like he is. He still thinks I should apologize to him for what I said but I don't think what i said was bad at all or warrented his reaction. he has not done any of the assignments th e therapist has given either.
text:I do not feel that you are the one in the wrong. Unfortunately, there are some people that you just can't reach.	labels:i believe that is the case as well, thank you for your help.
text:You are more than welcome. I do hope that you can break free from this relationship and find some way to be happy though.	labels:Thank you very much, I hope your situation is not as bad anymore as well, its a hard situation for anyone.
text:Things are very much better for me now. I promise that they will be for you soon too!.	labels:thank you :) I will be ending this session now but i appreciate your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how is life treating you?.	labels:Hello! Life is treating me fair, what about you?
text:Well, I've been a bit worried this year due to Covid and everything. Have you been worrying about anything?.	labels:Yes, not covid tho. Mostly, it's academics. It paralyses me.
text:Do you work in academia then? Or are you a student?.	labels:I am a college student, and I miss my high school days.
text:So you feel that life was more simple when you were still in high school?.	labels:Yes, schoolwork wise. Now, I can never stay on top..
text:I think that it is quite usual to feel a bit disorientated when transitioning from school to college. It is strange to feel like an adult all of a sudden.	labels:Do you have any experience with that?
text:Yes I do. It took me quite a long time to adjust to college in my first year too..	labels:Woah, I am sorry it was rough for you..
text:It was a bit but I think that it was not just me. It's a huge life change. Is your problem mainly with your grades or are there other issues?	labels:I would say my grades is the most important part of my llife, so it's the only thing that worries me.
text:Do you feel scared that you might fail your exams?.	labels:All the time. I didn't fail any this semester, but the anxiety makes me irritable and worried.	episode_done:True
text:hello?\nhello, how can I help you?	labels:I'm seeking some support. Specifically looking for advice concerning my depression.
text:How long have you known you have depression?	labels:I've struggled with depression my entire life. It's been especially difficult this year.
text:Because of Covid? So you know at least the cause of your depression?	labels:Yes, because of Covid. I have two small children both born with genetic disorders. If they catch it they could die. They're both now displaying signs of anxiety and that's worsening my depression because there is very little I can do about it.
text:That must have been tough for you. I know Covid is scary, however, I think you're a very careful parent so as long as you keep the routine safe, you can at least not worry too much about it.	labels:I'm doing my best, as is my husband, but with the holdays here we're struggling to explain our decision not to visit family because we want the children to be safe. Our family is a combination of Covid Hoaxers and antimaskers sadly.
text:Now is not the time to please your family or anyone else. You did the right and responsible thing for refusing to visit them.. May I ask how old your children are?	labels:Thank you for agreeing with me. They are nine and four.
text:they might have been scared because of external forces, as in they might see you being stressed out. I think it's good to talk to them about the seriousness of Covid, but also explain them it's not unpreventable. By discussing, you can reassure yourself too.	labels:Maybe. I'll have to give them a few days as my mother is very self centered and we just got into it last night, but I might give that a try.
text:I think you can also cut down on watching news, when it first began, I followed the news closely, however, I realized I felt depressed hearing new number everyday so I only update myself once a week now and I feel bette.	labels:That's good to hear, maybe I should do that.
text:Having a family meeting with your husband and children as much as possible to share your feelings might also help quite a bit.	labels:I'm not so sure. My husband's anxiety is worse than mine and I carry the mental load for the entire family. He's usually happier staying in the dark, otherwise it's too difficult to lift him up when he's depressed if I'm also depressed.
text:Then do as you think is best for your husband. I'd say focus the work on yourself first, you need to feel good in other to take care of your family.	labels:That is true. Thank you for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you today?.	labels:Hello. Better than usual. What about you?
text:I am good thank you. Is there anything you want to talk to me about?.	labels:Yes. Recently, I broke up with my fiance. And no matter how much I tell myself that life continues, I still feel like there is a void inside of me ever since it happened.
text:So your relationship ended and you feel that you are struggling to get over it, is that correct?.	labels:Yes, that's exactly right.
text:I am very sorry. I have been through something like this myself in the past so I do understand..	labels:How long did it take you to get over it?
text:I think it was at least a year before I felt truly myself again and that I was able to enjoy life.	labels:That gives me some perspective..
text:I can tell that it's all very raw to you at the moment. You really need to step away and give yourself some time to heal.	labels:I am not sure if I can leave my obligations behind.
text:What sort of obligations do you feel that you have? You need to be kind to yourself at the moment.	labels:I have a job, and my siblings are not doing too well, so I have to make sure their stuff is taken care of, or else my parents will end up babying them, and my parents are not in their peak health. This is not something I can afford to step away from.
text:It is good of you to be so caring and responsible towards your family. Do you think that perhaps you are taking too much on yourself though, especially at such a difficult time?.	labels:It might be so, but the sad truth is that when people don't fulfill their functions, someone else is going to have to do it for them. Maybe tho, I could fix my schedule to where it allows me to have firmer boundaries..
text:I think that that is an excellent idea and that you are being very mature about this.. Are you in contact with your ex at all?.	labels:No, I made a commitment not to contact him.
text:That seems sensible. I had a problem with not contacting my ex when we split. I kept wanting to talk to him again even though I knew that I should not.	labels:What made you stop?
text:A restraining order :D.	labels:This actually made me laugh :D Thank you for elevating my mood.
text:In all seriousness though, with hindsight I realise that our separation was for the best. I think and hope that you will realise this in time too.	labels:Thank you. Your analysis is extremely helpful.
text:You are most welcome. I really hope that things start to go well with you soon.. Might I suggest taking up a new hobby and making some new friends?	labels:Yes, that crossed my mind. I think I should do both.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhi there! how are you doing?.	labels:I feel ashamed thinking of my future career.
text:Can you tell me a little about what you feel ashamed about?.	labels:whenever we have family gathering, my aunts and uncles would brag about how much their children make. I have higher degree but will only make half of their salary so I feel bad.
text:So, you feel that your family is judging you for your earning potential?.	labels:yes, my parents won't say it to me but they never show they're proud either.
text:I am very sorry for that. They should be proud that you have such a good degree!.	labels:What's good if it doesn't translate to my earnings.. I wonder if I should start over with some better degree, but it's expensive.
text:I think you are coming at this from the wrong perspective. Life is not all about money you know!	labels:I want to think otherwise but it's difficult, especially when capitalism is everything nowadays.
text:Do you think that you enjoy your current field even though it is not as well paid as it could be?. Do you think that you enjoy your current field even though it is not as well paid as it could be?	labels:I enjoy it, I did some internship and it was nice.
text:I think that you should focus on how much you enjoy it. After all you will be working for the next few decades so you do not want to do something that you hate just because it pays well..	labels:Is there anyway for me to change my way of thinking? I keep worrying about all the expense that I'll have to spend and what if I can't afford because of how much I earn.
text:Is it possible for you to talk to your parents about this? It seems to me that they  are at the root of your problems.	labels:I don't really want to talk to them, I'm not very close to them and rarely tell them my problems.
text:Well, if you are not close to them does their opinion really count for so much?	labels:it still affects me nonetheless.
text:I do understand how hard it can be to shake off your family's preconceptions and expectations even though you are not close to them.	labels:thank you for understanding.
text:You are very welcome. Please know that this is a very common problem and a lot of people feel the way that you are feeling now..	labels:it's tough when I look around and everyone seems to do better than me.
text:Do you think that you might benefit from some counselling to help you overcome your self esteem issues?	labels:I've thought about thaat but I'm not in a financial situation to afford that.
text:I can provide you with a list of places that will offer a few counselling sessions for free. I think you need to be able to talk this out with a professional..	labels:that would be great.
text:I think that you need to accept that your parents' opinion should not colour your whole life.	labels:yeah I should start doing that and not let others affect me. Thank you very muchh for talking with me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hello.  Thanks for helping me today.
text:No problem! How can I help you?	labels:I'm feeling anxious about finding work and and impatient with the application process at many places I"ve applied.
text:So from what I am understanding, you have been applying for jobs and you are having anxiety about finding one and waiting through the application process.	labels:Yes thats right.  I keep trying and feel like I"m not getting anywhere.
text:Just from the few messages we have shared I can tell how anxious this is making you.	labels:Yes.  I think that I might have to try to find a different type of work than I"m used to and I'm not sure I'll be good at trying something new.
text:I just recently went through a layoff at my company, and I had the same situation trying to find another job. It is very stressful.	labels:I wish that I could get more of a reason than just a denial of my application.  I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong and most companies won't give any feedback.
text:What have you done to reach out for feedback from the companies? Often it helps to send e-mails or make phone calls to have them give you some feedback.	labels:I haven't tried reaching out.  Most of the places I"ve been applying are huge corporations with no one to call at HR.  Maybe I should try to apply somewhere locally and see if I have better luck.  At least then I could talk to a person.
text:I think that would be a great start! It also might help to get business cards from the people you interview with in order to be able to reach out to them in the future.	labels:Thats a great idea.  I've been considering going back to school to see if I can maybe get a higher degree. . Ive got a Bachelors degree now and it seems like everything takes a Masters degree these days.
text:What type of work are you interested in?	labels:What I'm most interested in is importing and exporting of exotic fruit but the recent restrictions on travel have really hurt the business. I've been thinking maybe I'll go back to school for something more practical like plumbing.
text:I think that would be a great idea! It has been shown that people with higher level degrees make more money and have more opportunity than those without,	labels:Ugh getting accepted for a masters program sounds stressful.  I'm thinking I can't go wrong by becoming a plumber or an electrician.  Everyone always needs that, even with the pandemic.
text:I think learning a trade would also be a great idea! I would definitely reach out to see where you can start that process.	labels:I wish there was a way you could try different jobs for a few days to see if you like it before starting the process of going to school.	episode_done:True
text:My boyfriend broke up with me.\nHello there, how are you?	labels:I'm very upset. He yelled and yelled at me.
text:Your relationship has ended? I am very sorry about that. And your boyfriend ended it?. That was really wrong of him if you ask me. I think you might be better off without him..	labels:Yes, after seeing him act this way I agree. He said I was worthless.
text:I have been in this position myself and I know how painful it is but it turned out for the best for me - I now have a great relationship!.	labels:Well that's good for you, but I'm so mad right now I can't see straight!
text:Noone has the right to put you down like that. You really are better off without him..	labels:I know. I do deserve better. But I was with him a very long time.
text:Can you think of something to do that will take your mind off him?. How long were the two of you together?.	labels:More than a year, but I've known him since childhood. That's what makes me so mad!
text:He should not be treating you that way when you've known one another so long!.	labels:All those years of friendship down the drain. Should I call him?
text:I think that you should call one of your girlfriends and suggest you have a movie night. It would make you feel better.	labels:But all of my friends are still friends with him! And they took his side!
text:Oh that is rough. That happened to me too when I broke up with my ex..	labels:How did you get through it?
text:They all took his side? Not one took yours?.	labels:Not one!
text:I tried to find some new interests. One thing I did was take a salsa class .. that was a great way to meet new people.	labels:I'm not much of a dancer, but that might be a way to meet new people.
text:There are lots of other things you could do. Maybe you could take an evening class in something that interests you?.	labels:He's a teacher, so taking a class might remind me of him.
text:I think also you need to think a bit more highly of yourself and not let idiots like this treat you so badly.	labels:But maybe I deserved it.
text:he seems to have damaged your self esteem badly.	labels:Yes, he did.
text:No you did not! Please don't think like that.	labels:I'm just so angry that I could break something. And maybe I will do that!
text:I think that that is a normal reaction to feeling ill treated. I hope that it will pass soon and am sure that it will.. There are a lot of therapy groups available that might be able to help you through this.	labels:But what if it doesn't pass? And I cannot afford therapy.
text:I think you really need to take it one day at a time. Things are very raw for you right now. There are some organisations that will offer a certain number of sessions for free.	labels:I don't know if I could do that. I don't like talking about my problems with strangers.
text:And yet here we are :P. Therapy can be surprisingly beneficial, I have found. I do realise that it can be hard to open up to how we are feeling though. I know that I was.	labels:Do you have any suggestions about how to open up to people I don't know?
text:I think that is useful to remember that we are all human and that most people have been hurt in this way at some point. No-one will be judging you.	labels:That's what I am afraid of. Being judged by people.
text:Do you think that this might partly because your ex has eroded your self esteem?	labels:Probably. He called me a lot of names.
text:The important thing is to gradually rebuild your self esteem. Do you have any things that you excel at?	labels:I'm good at bowling. And I like riding horses.
text:Animals are a wonderful source of comfort when we are feeling very low! Could you join a riding club to make some new friends?.	labels:Maybe I will do that. Horses are so cool.
text:I can feel that you are starting to make progress already and are thinking of things that you can do post break up.	labels:I sure am. Thanks for your help.
text:You are most welcome. Is there anything else you would like to talk to me about?.	labels:I don't think so...
text:Well, I wish you all the very best for the future. I know that things seem terrible right now but please believe me they will get better.	labels:Thanks! Have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi! Did they send you a summary or anything of what's going on?  If not, I've been struggling general depression.  And overwhelming anxiety.
text:They did not, what is causing your depression and anxiety?	labels:A cycle of anxiety.. overthinking that leads to depression. Nothing specific at the moment.
text:So just to clarify, you are having overwhelming depression and anxiety today that has been caused by nothing in particular?	labels:yes.
text:I completely understand, I have had many issues in the past with anxiety and depression.	labels:Any advice on how to push past the racing thoughts?
text:Have you tried to talk to a professional about this, it is always helpful to talk to someone who is trained to talk about things like this with people.	labels:Yes.
text:What suggestions did they give you for coping with this?	labels:Several.  Did you succeed with your issues? Or do you have any advice for a random bad day?
text:One thing that I did was really get back into some of the hobbies that I enjoyed in order to take my mind off of things.	labels:That makes a lot of sense.  Winter makes it tougher too I think.
text:Yes, winter months are very tough.	labels:Well thanks for your thoughts on dealing with these things.
text:Not a problem! I know things are tough right now, but I know you can make it through this!	labels:I hope you are doing well also. Times are weird.
text:Thank you, I am well. It is a very strange time.	labels:Take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nGood evening . How can I help you.	labels:I'm having a problem with one of my friends.
text:So you are having issues with your friend? That is upsetting . What is the issue?	labels:She has been having a problem with a different friend for years. I have been listening to these problems for all of that time. And even though it's so frustrating, because it's the same problem over and over again, I keep listening because she's my friend. But lately I have been going through a lot, and I haven't had as much time to sit and listen to these same problems, and she gets so angry telling me I don't care about her. The problems I've been going through are very serious, and I just don't have time to sit on the phone listening to the same stuff I've been dealing with for years.
text:I can understand how angry unappreciated and burnt out you must be feeling.  I would feel that way too.	labels:It's been really rough. I've tried so hard to be there for her, and I feel like she just doesn't even appreciate it.
text:I don't think she is a place to be able to see anyone but herself. She is self centereed self asbored and self pity party and doesn't care about anyone but herself right now . Is that accurate?	labels:Yes, that's exactly accurate. And she is 50 years old, and the issues have all been high school type problems that I've been listening to. Stuff about how she didn't post on social media about her birthday, and little petty things like that. Not something an adult should be concerned with. And I still sat and listened to her all that time.
text:I completely understand how unappreciated and stressed this would make you or any person. Especially when our plate is full and its the same old same old and nothing is changing. Its like thinking doing same thing over and over you will get a different result when 2+2 equals 4.	labels:Yes, exactly.
text:You are an extremely good and loyal friend and I am so proud of you. Most people would have left her. .	labels:Thank you. That's really important to me. She was starting to convince me that I wasn't a good friend because I wasn't there for her right now when I had problems of my own. Real problems - like my daughter's engagement breaking up.
text:However, it is time to take the hard road. YOu are going to have to say with LOVE because its not always what you say but how you say it.  Give me a minute to please type it.	labels:Okay, thank you.
text:You are going to have to sit her down and say  I need to be honest with you.  I have always been there for you but you are not willing to take my advice or others advice and quite frankly I just can't do it anymore. IF you want to remain friends I need you to grow up and realize the world doesn't revolve around you or even me.  Right now I could really use a good friend. I am going thru A LOT OF Sh** and I don't need this in my life. So.	labels:I think that's a good idea. I'll try that.
text:if you aren't able to do that than I am afraid until you can be a true friend and not just a user than I need to end this friendship . I don't want to but I need to for my mental health and for myself and even for you.  I say this because I love you and I do care but this has become toxic.	labels:Yeah, I like that. I think it's a good idea to say those things to her.
text:she really needs to hear it and it sounds toxic to me . I know I wouldn't want a friend to accuse me of not being there and from the chat look like its all about her and she s acting like a spoiled brat.	labels:I agree. She can't see past her own issues to see the whole situation.
text:If you think its a more serious problem maybe ask her to seek professional help..	labels:I might try that if this doesn't work. Thank you for your help.
text:youre welcome and above all continue to pray for her or start praying for her. You really are a great loyal intelligent person. Keep safe.	labels:You too, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello?\nHello, how are you?	labels:Anxious. I'm not sure I can get through this semester.
text:What caused your anxiety? Is it because you don't understand your class?	labels:No I understand the course work, its just a high pressure environment. Everyone is ranked, so its competitive. it feels like everyone is secrectly angling to take each other down so they can get the good jobs.
text:I can understand how you feel being such competitive environment. However, the most important is your well being. I think as long as you do your utmost best, there is no need to stress over rankings.	labels:The money investment is just so high. I don't want to get out of my 3L year and get a job making barely enough for the loan interest payment.
text:I think salary and growth takes more than just academic result. Take one step at a time, take care of your own health and this exam first.	labels:I've always been hard on myself.
text:That's good and bad at the same time, you will always be motivated, however, if you push too much you will burn out yourself. Have you reviewed all the materials needed for the exam?	labels:I know I can do it its just hard. yeah, i think i got it.
text:okay, then you are good for the most part. Now just some mental preparation and you will nail it.	labels:I hope so.
text:I believe a little worry is good for an exam, however, too much of anything is never good. Practice what you will do in the exam room so you can save as much time as possible.	labels:It'll be okay. I have a backup plan for after graduation anyways, its just not wanting to have to resort to that. It's also intense doing this during COVID. We haven't gotten the normal learning environment for a young attorney in training. We just get a zoom link.
text:I understand your frustration, I had a discussion a few days ago about this. Online learning is ok but it can't provide you the same benefits and experience as in person.	labels:It oddly makes it more competitive too because you don't get the chance to build a relationship with classmates the way we normally would.
text:are you close with anyone? You can ask around and see if they want to form a study group.	labels:No this is my first semester and I moved across the country for this school so I have really no connections here.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Thank you for listening to my disunion.. situation.\nyou are so welcome. How are you.	labels:i am okay but i am stressed about this.
text:What is stressing you out. Can you help me understand?	labels:i got a low pass grade in my college geology class this semester and worry about how this will affect my law school application when i apply.
text:That is upsetting and stressful.  I know you are rightfully concerned. Can you talk to your geology professor for extra credit?	labels:yes i am. do you think it will be ok and what should i do. i can’t because the semester is over the and the grades are final. i reached out before about that but she said no.
text:I think it is a REAL Concern and you really need to pull that grade up.  It is a very tight race out there and even 1% grade point can make or break you. If I were you I would than focus on pulling up all your grades to help avearage out geology course.. Maybe contact the lawyer school or someone to do with that area to see what you can do to have a better chance..	labels:thank you i appreciate it. i have a fairly high gpa still i have a 3.7 out of 4 but this looks so bad on my transcript lol.
text:I know its hard but since this is over and in the past you can't cry over spilt milk so to speak. You can do this!	labels:that is a very good idea. i’m just not sure what law school yet bc i’m going to apply to a lot , i’m a sophomore so it’s somewhat far away but not that far away.
text:Is there a way you can retake the geology class over?	labels:thank u sm!! u rock. ya i can but i don’t need to bc it’s unrelated to my majors.
text:I have an even better idea actually two... One talk to your college counselor if they offer that to see a plan of action so to speak and two.	labels:also how’s ur life do u have any stress i can help u talk over . true i will schedule a meeting with my counselor.
text:Pray to God some people say prayers is all that is left to do when God should be your first person to run to. I appreciate that but that would take several hours and I am here to help you..	labels:true God is good.
text:yes he is and even thru this pandemic Covid He is on the Throne and  has a purpose.	labels:how’s the pandemic treating u.
text:Trying to take it one day at a time and trying make lemonade out of lemons.	labels:i feel that it’s miserable but we have to make due just praying i dont get it.
text:Its really hard but we are learning to live in the new normal  life as it is and honestly worst is yet to come . We are not to know the future or why God choose it we just have to have hope and believe.	labels:it’s been 15 min, it was great talking to u today thank u for giving me a plan of action it made me feel much better. i agree. u have a blessed day.
text:your welcome and it shows 14minu but take care and Keep the faith. I m glad I could help you.	labels:oops i was looking at the accept HIT timer instead ur right. also what’s the bonus for this i forgot lol sorry.
text:lol and i don't think u are supposed to say that in the chat . just for future ones. And since its xmas I have a secret.. you can google turk guru. its chrome extension and really helps. and support person needs to close out the talk.	labels:omg i’m so sorry, but yes thank you sooo much i will def use that. merry christmas and may God bless you and your family .	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am having pro\blems with a friend.\nI am so so sorry to hear that.. What has been going on?	labels:Sometimes she is very friendly, but sometimes she is super rude. In a way that is so rude that it has never happened before by someone who I consider a friend.
text:Oh wow, it sounds like shes not a very good frined..	labels:As nice as she is, every once in a while show will be equally nasty.
text:Have you tried talking to her about it?	labels:Super snarky comments. Yes I have tried. But it still continues.
text:Have you tried seperating from her?	labels:I can't she is a colleague. So unless I want to get a new job. but she is super helpful and nice 99 percent of the time. And when I have spoken with her, the last time I was very clear with her that it was inappropriate, and it hasn't been happening as often, but the whole situation is still very hurtful.
text:That's so hurtful. Do others feel the same as you?	labels:Yes, I have heard these complaints from one other person. Do you have any ideas or other suggestions for me.
text:Maybe you can try talking to yoru manager next time it happens? It is hard but you can only really control yourself, so you need to try to emotionally distance yourself from when she is terrible. You seem like a good persn..	labels:That is a good idea to talk to a manager. but there is no avoiding working with her because of the nature of my job. but that is an option that I didn't considerr before so thatnk you for your insight. Thank you that is very nice. Let me know if you have any other ideas as well.
text:Of course!! managers are erally helpful. I had a similar sitation with a coworker two years ago and the head of my group really helped me clear it up..	labels:Did you try other things as well.
text:I tried really hard not to let her get to me. Which was really hard but doable..	labels:Oh that is good, sometimes when a person sees that they are not getting under your skin they give up on pushing your buttons, was that what happened in your case.
text:Exactly!!!!	labels:How long did it take from starting to ending. the issues.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you doing today?	labels:I am struggling with how to turn in this situation. My son is unreasonable but I am trying to help him get through school. My boyfriend finds the situation intolerable.
text:That sounds really hard. Does your son fight with you a lot?	labels:Yes, since he got back from NYC he is disrespectful. That is what is upsetting my boyfriend so much.
text:What was he in NYC for?. Have you tried getting counseling together?	labels:He went to school there and left school to get acting jobs. He did get his sag and equity cards. He was also working as a caterer. Everything dried up due to Covid. In June, I convinced him to get into therapy but it is slow and I see jealousy with directed at my boyfriend. .
text:Has he gone to therapy with you? Maybe you can try doing some fun activties together.. I know my brother had a lot of tension with my mom and finding something they could bond over really helped..	labels:I have tried biking and hiking as well as other activities.  He is openly hostile. He does not want anything to do with my boyfriend. He does not want me to go to therapy with him.
text:Does he give a reason why?	labels:He says to he does not like my boyfriend. He does not seem to appreciate that he is an adult living in our house. He is rather moody.
text:How does your boyfriend handle it?	labels:Not too well I am afraid. He wants Andrew not to yell or be disrespectful. They have gotten into many arguments with each ordering the other out of the house. I work 50 to 60 hour weeks and this is stressing me. I want to make them happy. I feel there are two alpha males in the house. My son clearly needs boundries, but I want him to finish school and stay safe during covid.
text:That's such a hard position to be in. I am so so sorry that you need to go through this. I think trying to get them to therapy would be realaly amazing for both of you.. Maybe you can incentivize your son to go somehow.	labels:I can try. I am trying to help him get through school, but if the behavior does not change he will have to leave. I don't want to chose my boyfriend over my son. I would rather side with my son, however he is acting like a spoiled child.
text:Sometimes kids need some tough love which is really hard todo..	labels:Thank you. I did tell my parents who are in their 80's not to take him in. I feel that he needs to make decisions or at least have some kind of respect or gratitude while living here.
text:What did your parents say?	labels:They agreed. He needs to get along or realize that at 25 he may need to figure out how to get his own place and support himself.
text:Oh i didn't realize he aws 25. That's a good point. You can tell him that..	labels:I feel really torn but he needs boundries in behavior. I hate the turmoil.
text:I am so sorry!. I hope this was helpful!	labels:You have been very supportive. Thank you!
text:Great!! have a great day..	labels:you too!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm ok I guess, but I'm pretty stressed out.
text:Can you tell me more about that?	labels:I have a final exam tomorrow, and it has me really stressed out. If I don't get at least a B I'm not going to pass this class.
text:I can definitely understand why that would be stressful. Do you have anyone to help you study?	labels:I do. There is a study group of people in my class. I am preparing really well but I've struggled with this class so much that I still get really worried.
text:It sounds like you are preparing well but are still worried that it won't be enough. Does that sound right?	labels:Yes, that's right. I feel like I could literally study 24 hours a day and it won't be enough. It's hard to know if the information is really getting into my head, and if I'm actually understanding it all.
text:Sometimes taking a break and clearing your mind, taking a few deep breaths, can help people calm down. Is that something you can do?	labels:I have tried that. And it does kind of help in the moment. It's when I get back to studying that all of the anxiety sets in. And it gets worse as it gets closer to the test. If I'm not studying, I feel guilty that I'm taking a break.
text:I understand that. I have felt the same way before. But I realized I don't have to feel guilty for taking a break. It's important for my mental health.	labels:And I try to remember that, too. And I know that's right. But in the moment I feel guilty, so it's so hard for me to relax taking a break.
text:Just in the conversation I can see how stressed out you are and struggling with how to handle that.	labels:Yes. Once my head is in this stressful mode, it's hard to break free.
text:Sometimes talking with a close friend can help. Have you tried that?	labels:I have. And that does help in the moment. It's always when I get back into the actual studying that it's a problem. I think getting the test over with is the only thing that will help.
text:It sounds like the actual studying is what is causing you to be stressed. Does that seem to be true?	labels:Yeah, definitely. I'm just worried about the test.
text:I think you have done everything you can to be prepared for the test. And know a few strategies to help you cope with your stress. I think you will feel much better once it's over!	labels:I agree\.
text:Ok! It sounds like this helped!	labels:It did - thank you.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi how are you ?	labels:Well im feeling awful and my heart is racing , im feeling anxious for no reason..
text:I understand what your going thru , i also suffered from anxiety but trust we you will overcome this.	labels:What do you recommend i do?
text:I recommend  searching online about meditation , also one of thing that helped the most for me was exercise and eating healthy..	labels:Ive tried meditation but cant seem to calm down. Exercise help for a bit but then my anxiety comes back.
text:I remember many times i thought the same way as you but i didnt give up and kept trying. As long as you dont give up you will make progress. It will take time and patience.	labels:Wow its so nice to talk to someone who had the same issues. Are there any other suggestions you might recommendo?
text:OF course , for example i watched youtube videos of someone called theanxietyguy and i made tremendous progress with him. Also i drink teas to calm my nerves .	labels:Thank you!! im going to look him up . Has your anxiety come back?
text:Somethings its want to come back but i am on top of it and always being discipline with myself. I make sure to love myself first and give myself priority. .	labels:Thank you for everything .I am now motivated to get going.
text:You are welcomed i am glad i was able to help out. Stay positive and healthy.	labels:What kind of teas do you drink to help with anxiety?
text:I drink a lot of chamomile tea with honey which has a great flavor good to calm done, i drink mint tea very refreshing and tilo tea which helps me sleep.	labels:I never tried tea , this new for me . I will definitely order some online. DO you have any other suggestions?
text:Yes of course. If you worried about some kind of sickness i would recommend you go to the doctor get yourself a full checkup  it will help calm you mind down and reassure you that you are healthy.	labels:That a greay idea. My health anxiety its at all high levels everything i see about a sickness i get worry especially with this covid -19. I barely go out and get nervous. Has that happened to you?
text:Yes, once in while i get nervous about but i try to keep positive and take the right precautions and wear my mask, clea my hands and stay my distance. you shouldnt have a issues . . Do you workout?	labels:No, i havent felt motivated . What kind of workout do you recommend for my anxiety?	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! How re you today?	labels:hello, i am struggling with the isolation and lonliness of Covid 19. it has me depressed. hello?
text:I am so sorry. It is really so hard right now with COVID. Have you been able to virtually connect with people ??	labels:a little bit; it's just not the same. i am a big hugger.
text:I am right there with you, i totally understand missing human contact.. There is a way to connect virtually in a fun way, i've tried doing cocktail tasting and wine tasting, a virtual cooking class..	labels:really? i've never heard of that.
text:It's very fun! You can find a wine list online and have everyone go get the same bottles. You can download tasting notes and instructions. It's really fun!!!.	labels:how do find such chats?
text:For my grandmas 80thi birthday, we hired a chef to do a cooking class which was so fun..	labels:what a great idea!
text:I find it to be a really good way to connect with everyone . ALso having an activity gives structure to it..	labels:yes, i can see the benefits.
text:I also have started to exerices and go for walks more. It's a really good way to clear my head. Do. you have any hobbies that you can do?	labels:yes, i try to walk outside everyday too; weather permitting. and that does help. it's mostly the evenings, when I'm really bored, and everyone else seems so busy.
text:It's true! do you live alone?	labels:yes. and i'm self employed and work from home, but right now my business is shut down, due to covid.
text:That's so hard. You must feel so stressed. I am so sorry to hear that. It's suhch a crazy time in the world right now..	labels:it sure is. and knowing that it wont last forever, helps a little bit too. i just really miss traveling. are we done?
text:That's true. I really misst raveling as well. Where do you want to go when this is all over? I find helping to plan for trips after to be the best way to get through this!!!	labels:anywhere! everywhere! it's hard to plan, without knowing when it will be safe to travel again. but im researching things, so ill be ready. well, thanks for chatting with me. i feel a little better already.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how may i help you today?	labels:Hello: Thanks for offering to help.  My friend Mark is suffering from bi-polar disorder, and despite being on medication, is spiraling out of control. His mood swings are affecting his ability to stay employed and keep friends and family from wanting to interact with him.
text:I am so sorry about your friend mark. I will try my best to help you today. Is your friend mark behavior affecting you?	labels:I suspect he's not taking his medication as prescribed.  He's become a sociopath, which I understand is common with people suffering from this disorder.  He's unable to be empathic or sympathetic to anyone else's life.
text:To confirm your friend mark, you suspect he is not taking his medicine and that is why he is acting the way he is?	labels:Yes, it is affecting me.  In sum, I'm the only one left in his corner, but I feel like he's slipping away and becoming completely dysfunctional.  It's tough with privacy laws for me to even talk to his doctor to see what's going on.  I did send his doctor a long email, however, so hopefully he'll make whatever adjustments need to be made. That's my suspicion, because things seem to be getting worse, quite honestly.
text:Have you talked to mark about his behavior and how it is affecting everyone around him? I can understand how you feeling and that you are trying to help your friend. you are a very good friend for doing that.	labels:I have talked to him repeatedly.  Each time, he assures me that he understands my concerns and that he's going to get things together.  Literally, within a day or two, I hear from a mutual friend or family member that he's reverted back to doing things that are sociopathic.
text:Have you asked him about him taking his medication?	labels:I have.  He tells me that he's taking it regularly (or most of the time).  I challenged him on it and told him it can't be "most of the time."  That's why I sent his doctor a long email, explaining things to him, to see if he can't intervene and try to straighten him out.
text:ok. dealing with someone with bi-polar disorder can be really tough and challenging but it is not there fault that they are acting the way they are. They just honestly can not help it. I know you are doing everything you can to help him and to stop him from acting that way.	labels:You're right.  Mental illness, in all of its forms, is especially challenging.  Physical illness is more easy to understand, of course. .
text:you are right. So do not think he is doing it on purpose. Do not let it bring you down or hurt your feelings in anyway. When did this exactly start happening?	labels:Thank you.  I think you understand the sadness and anxiety in feeling powerless in this situation (or mostly powerless).  I have no real expertise in this area, but by contacting his doctor, maybe he can reevaluate whether the medicine and dosage needs to be changed. Funny you ask.  He's a grown man - 35-years old.  I've never known him to have this issue, which seems so strange to me.
text:I understand a lot..	labels:It started about 14 months ago - at least that's when people started alerting me to strange behavior.  I thought people who were bi-polar contracted the illness earlier in their life.
text:How long have you known about his bi polar diorder?	labels:Around 10 months ago is when I first found out.  Since then, I've received about 5 phone calls from people expressing concern.  I've visited him 3 times. Thanks for being so engaged and sympathetic.  It does make me feel better just to unload anonymously on here.  Thanks for carrying my burden and offering your support.
text:i got you. having a mental illness is challenging and i can provide you some suggestions.	labels:Before we end the conversation, I'd love hearing a few of those suggestions, if you don't mind.
text:ok. just be there for him no matter what because you know he can not help it. Be understanding of his mental illness. i would be active in his treatment and make sure he knows to take medicine.	labels:Thank you.  You've been great.  Have a nice holiday and new year! Those are two things I've tried to keep in mind and you've reinforced my instincts.  Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, thanks for offering to help.  My sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her children.  It's quite a bit of pressure and responsibility.\nHi! Of course. I am happy to help.. Oh wow, that is really stressful. You are such a godo person for taking on her children. You should feel really good about yourself..	labels:She has been in and out of rehab, and I see no end to her problems, other than a tragic one.  Thankfully, the children are adjusting to it, probably because they are happy just to be in a stable environment.
text:Are you raising them alone?	labels:I have a romantic partner who helps.  I also have two of my own relatively young children. So, four in total.
text:That's a lot of children! It's great that you have a partner who can help you.. A dear friend of mine is in rehab and had to give up her children, it is really awful to watch. It makes me feel so helpless, so i understand how you msut be feeling..	labels:Thanks for being sympathetic and for the words of encouragement.  Yes, needless to say, Child Protective Services were involved, and I was granted Foster Parent status.  I'm sure your friend went down that road, sadly. Have you ever seen the video by the artist known as NF called "How Could You Leave Us?"  I'm afraid that's what's next for these kids.
text:Yes, she did. Her children seem very lucky to have you. Do they get along with your children? I haven't seen that, waht happens in it?	labels:They all get along famously.   You can find that video on YouTube.  It's a true story of how his mother died from heroin addiction.  It's a powerful song. Hopefully, you never have to experience it.  Heroin (opioids) just grabs hold of people and doesn't let go.
text:That's so awful. the only thing you can do is show the kids love and make them feel cared for.. Addiction is a truly awful disease, people don't appreciate the toll it takes on families..	labels:Thank you.  One piece of good news.  Her son went from failing most of his classes to making Honor Roll this trimester - that's what his advisor tells me. . You've been really helpful and considerate.  Chatting with you certainly made me feel better.  I think we can end the support session at this juncture if you've met your session requirements.
text:That's so good!!! I hope i was helpful!! have a great day and continue being such a good support for the kids. I am very impressed..	labels:Thanks so, much.  Have a great holiday and we'll try to do the same. .	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello.	labels:How are you doing?
text:I am pretty good. How are you?	labels:I'm pretty miserable. It's been a rough week.
text:What is going on?	labels:I ended things with my girlfriend last week.
text:I am sorry to hear that, what caused you to wan to end things?	labels:Things have been pretty rough for the last few years. I found out she was hanging out with her ex and she lied about it. The kicker is that we live together and her family is planning on coming to stay with us for xmas. they already have their flights booked and now are trying to cancel.
text:So from what I am hearing, you ended things with your girlfriend because she was talking to her ex and lying to you about it and you are feeling upset about it.	labels:yeah, plus our relationship has been rocky for the past year. I think we are just loosing interest in eachother.
text:I understand your situation completely. I had a recent ex that I lived with who also was talking to her ex and hanging out with him and lying to me about it.	labels:what did you do about it?
text:The first thing I did was had a conversation to try and see why she was talking to her ex and lying to me about it. Trying to get closure is very helpful.	labels:yes, i could see that. We have discussed and decided to end things. Like I said, her family was planning on staying with us for xmas, so now it feels like we ruined xmas for everyone.
text:I know this is definitely a rough situation, but I am sure you can make it through it!	labels:Yes it's just been a crummy year. I'm looking forward to being done with it.
text:I can understand that! I think it has been a rough year for everyone!	labels:i agree, i just hope her family doesn't come out. She still needs to move out but I'm hoping her family doesn't come out to help her move. Or at least gives me a heads up so i can stay in a hotel while she moves out.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Are you able to see my situation I typed? Is there someone there?\nSorry I'm here, please tell me you problems.	labels:Just having problems with some friends. I feel like I am being left out.
text:Why do you think that way?	labels:They leave me out of planned outings from time to time. They also do not seem to care if I come or go when I am invited.
text:Have you asked your friends regarding this?	labels:I have not.
text:Okay, maybe you should ask your friends, let them know how you feel and see what they say about it.	labels:Okay, I may try that. What do you think I should do if they are negatively receptive of it?
text:Under any circumstances, make sure you know you are not at wrong here.I hope it will not be the case but your friends might try victim blaming. So keep your stance and keep asking for the answer.	labels:Yeah, I don't want it to come off as an attack on my end. Maybe I should wait, see if the issue occurs continuously, note that it has been observed on multiple occasions, and then stand my ground?
text:I'm pretty this has happened a few times already, hasn't it? so you have every right to be upset and confront them, you shouldn't feel like you're attacking. You are just asking for what you deserve.	labels:Yes, but I feel like I need proof, you know? Like how you previously said, to make sure I am not in the wrong. That's true!
text:What you need to do is note down the occasions where they exclude you and ask exactly what happened then.	labels:Okay makes sense. Then, I can ask like, was there a reason why I was not invited on this instance? Did I do anything to offend, etc.
text:Yes, that's good, ask them if you did something that offended them and why they excluded you. If they deny, then you can tell them how you feel. If they care about your friendship they will do something to fix.	labels:That is good advice. What is your advice if I still come out of the situation negatively (e.g. the friends do not seem to care about the friendship?)	episode_done:True
text:hey!\nHey what's going on?	labels:I'm mad! like mad mad!
text:what are you mad about?	labels:My work is driving me nuts..
text:what's going on at work that's so frustrating?.	labels:I just found out my boss cut my pay and my bonus to secure his own bonus.
text:wow, that's super frustrating! I would be pretty upset too. How did you find out?	labels:I overheard a private phone call with his wife. He said that despite the tough year the company is having, he's expecting to get a large bonus because he cut costs so drastically.. I also heard him discuss it with the director of sales. They were strategizing how to shift the costs around to cover the tracks. I heard the words "good thing we have the power, if others knew we were getting our full bonuses they'd walk out"
text:wow... did anyone else hear?.	labels:no.
text:I would be furious too. It puts you in a very strange spot. If you say something, you look bad, and if you don't you feel bad.	labels:yeah, tell me about it. I'm pretty bummed. I'm slowly planning my exit strategy. I can't work there anymore..
text:I absolutely understand. You know. the end of the year is coming up and it's probably not the best time to leave a job without having anything lined up..	labels:Yeah, I've been applying around a bit..
text:that's good! I think budgets are going to be tight in many industries and you need to make sure you are okay financially and have insurance and unfortuantely both of those are tied to employers..	labels:I know... This pandemic is frustrating. I wish I could just walk out but realistically It'd be pretty irresponsible to quit during a global pandemic and not have insurance..
text:That's a good point. I suggest continuing to look and see what you can find. There will be people hiring..	labels:yeah thanks. I'm still so mad but maybe I can redirect my energy into finding an new job.
text:I think that's a good call, you should definitely get out of there though, but make sure you have good enough coverage..	labels:thanks I get it. I think I just need to put my head down and grind through it.	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHi.	labels:I could use some help. I'm not feeling so well.
text:What can I help you with tonight>	labels:My girlfriend broke up with me and I think I'm suffering from depression now. Everything feels like a chore and I'm sad all of the time.
text:From what you are telling me, you are very upset about your girlfriend breaking up with you and you don't feel motivated to do anything, is that right?	labels:Yeah.
text:I can tell how anxious and upset that is making you feel.	labels:I feel like a heavy weight is on me all the time. I'm not enjoying things I used to in the past.
text:I can definitely understand that feeling as I had an ex who cheated on me and had a child with another man, so I know how hard that is.	labels:How did you start to feel better?
text:I focused a lot on myself and making more time to do some of the hobbies that I didn't get a chance to do when we were together.	labels:I wouldn't even know where to begin. I don't want to do anything right now.
text:I know things are really hard right now, but I know you will make it through this!	labels:Thanks, I appreciate it. What do you suggest I should do to begin with?
text:Have you talked to her since she broke up with you? Sometimes it helps to talk with your ex so you can get closure on the situation.	labels:No I haven't talked to her. I think that would only make me feel worse right now.
text:I understand that, have you tried to talk to a friend or family member who has gone through the same thing?	labels:No, I haven't yet but that is a good idea.
text:Doing that definitely helped me too!	labels:I was thinking about going to a gym.
text:I think that would definitely help too!	labels:I want to start dating in the future but I am afraid.
text:I felt the same way for a while after my breakup as well, but after I took my time it was good to get back into the dating game.	labels:I appreciate the help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are we doing today?\nGood, how are you?	labels:Not so good unfortunately.
text:You can tell me what's bothering you.	labels:Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
text:Totally understand your worries.	labels:Anxiety is at all time highs due to this.
text:Is there a reason for your fear?	labels:My firm has already cut 10%. I feel like I might be going next.
text:it's important right now to take one step at a time, you should always prepare and find a backup plan in case it happens, but at the same time not worry too much because it won't help.	labels:I can't stop worrying. If I lose my job, I don't know where to go, what to do.
text:You should look around and see if anyone hiring. I would say go for part time jobs too in case there is nothing available in your industry.	labels:With lock downs in my area, small businesses will go under. Which means fewer jobs. I'm really scared.
text:You can try gig worker, being on Mturk can bring some decent money if you're diligent.	labels:Anyone tips for Mturk? I'm new to this..
text:I only work after office hours now so I aim for good paying gigs. Back when I had more time, I just did any gigs available.	labels:Any suggestions for gig work?
text:Do any work you can get, it's all about speed and willingness.	labels:Thanks for the positive vibes, but my future looks dim unfortunately.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are we doing today?\nIm doing good. How are you doing today?	labels:Not so good unfortunately.
text:Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. Would you be willing to talk about it with me? Sometimes talking with someone is the help that we need.	labels:Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job. It's cause me anxiety and stress.
text:I can sense how stressed you are about the safety of your job. This pandemic has caused so much stress and very much anxiety on everyone, so just know you are not alone. I'm not sure on the work you do, but you putting your health at risk everyday to make a living for you and your family makes you an amazing person. Just try and remember that your health is very much more important then your job and just make sure you are trying everything possible to keep yourself safe out there.	labels:Thanks for the positive vibes, but I doubt things will get better.
text:Of course! I also am afraid that this pandemic is going to get worse before it gets any better and that is just my opinion. I am scared for everyone out here anymore and its not just people getting sick and ill, but people like you who could be in jeopardy of loosing their job or their source of income. That's is something that would be on anyones mind, more yours then mine due to you actually working in the public.	labels:There is a lock down in my area, I fear it will only get worse.
text:We thankfully have not got on lockdown just yet, but I know it will be happening soon. We live in a very small town and it has got bad here that either we know someone who has it, or someone in the family has it. It seemed like it just happened over night that it just spread so fast here that everyone is in a panic mode again. What type of things do you do while you are on lockdown?	labels:Think about the bad things that will happen if I lost my job. I have been only thinking about the bad..
text:I can only imagine. Is it yourself in your home? What I have tried to do is stay away from the news that has anything to do with covid that could maybe help a little. And god forbid anything happens to you and you do loose your job just know there are a lot of resources around that would help you in any struggles that you fear or end up facing. I know its hard and stressful to search and look for things like that but trust me it will take a lot of stress off your mind.	labels:I am not religious, but thanks for the uplifting words. I just don't see a bright side over the fence.
text:I'm sorry about that I didn't realize I put that, sometimes it just comes out but I do apologize. I know it's hard to think that this will not come to and end, but just try and think there is always a light at the end of the tunnel, and I'm hoping for you and what your doing and putting in, something will come out positive in your favor, even if its just a small step forward. Hey its all gotta start out somewhere..	labels:No worries. Any activity suggestions to keep my mind off of COVID-19?
text:Do you have children or a spouse that lives with you?	labels:Yes, this is why, if I lose my job, my financial situation will affect the family.
text:I have children as well, and what I have tried to do is like a at home drive in movie night, or simple board games. I don't have a spouse but I would think maybe an inside dinner night or even a lunch date. Have the kids even help out with that. You'll be amazed on how excited they would be even if it's the little things they can help with like the seating or drawing of the menus. And for maybe the inside drive in make up little movie tickets, and candy and popcorn like a little concession stand..	labels:Thanks for the suggestions. This pandemic has really taken a toll on me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you tonight?	labels:I'm a little bummed because my friend is not only a junkie but he got arrested last week..
text:Ouch! Your friend got arrested for drugs last week?.	labels:He got arrested for stealing to fund his addiction.
text:I had a neighbor who was doing meth, and he got arrested, and that actually saved his life. He had to get sober and look at what he was doing.. There is a hard line between helping a friend who is addicted and actually enabling them. Have you ever heard of this?	labels:Sadly my friend has been arrested a few times, spent time in prison, and is fully locked in his lifestyle. He's such a great person, very funny, nice, but he is lost.
text:It can be very hard to watch a loved one destroy their lives. Has anyone every discussed an intervention?	labels:He has alienated all of his friends, including me. I was the last one holding on.
text:My husband and I actually have worked with recovering drug addicts and alcoholics. We are retired now, but still volunteer. Sometimes we have to let go of our loved ones - they have to hit rock bottom. Very hard to do, but unless they see their behavior as destructive, they don't want to change..	labels:I agree, I'm afraid that's what I have to do. Another one of our mutual friends passed away recently to an overdose. I don't want to lose another friend.
text:Have you seen the serenity prayer? Knowing what to do, what not to do and accepting life really is a great thing to ask God for. We can't change others. Yet you have to find a way to have peace..	labels:Yes. I know I have to let go. I've punished myself trying to stay in his life..
text:It's very hard to lose friends to addictions. It's epidemic in our society now. However, you can pray for them and look for ways to keep your life on track so you don't get lost focusing on them and not where you want to go..	labels:all drugs are bad, but meth is a truly evil drug. It's just rotting his soul and body.  He believes he can't stop and you're right, letting go and just sending prayers is all i can really do now.
text:very evil, I agree, I like to write out a list of things I can do to distract myself from overly being concerned, if that makes sense. Like I take time to think about them and pray for them, then I have to move on with my life, so a list helps me think of where I want to go and how to get there. Even if it is just a list of how to clean my pantry! lol. My husband just got me a daytimer, and I write my goals in that for the new year, and I try to check it every day and try to focus on moving forward, because life has a way of throwing us curveballs like this, and we can't get stuck in them..	labels:That's a good idea.  I don't have many friends left, close friends that is, and this guy is my best friend of 20 years. We were in a touring rock band together.  He's my last close friend.
text:It is hard to lose friends that we have had for years. Maybe you can write that on your list -- perhaps just brainstorm ways to make new friends - take a college class, join a gym, take a dance class, volunteer at church, something like that. That way you open up yourself to make new friends.. I have had to walk away from many unhealthy relationships over the years, it isn't easy, but it's part of maturing in life..	labels:I'm a single dad so my world is my children. I guess that's enough for me really. I just watch this guy sink and often feel like I should be doing something, but I think you're right.
text:I've learned the hard way, if a person doesn't want to change, I'm just beating my head against a wall. I can pray, then leave the rest to God. It seems like a lesson I learn over and over again! Hahah.	labels:thank you!! have a blessed day! I appreciate your feedback.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you tonight?	labels:I'm hanging in there. I'm in a funk.
text:I'm sorry to hear things aren't going to well. What's the problem in a nutshell?	labels:I split with my girlfriend after 5 years together last month/
text:Breakups can be hard, I can understand your frustration. Five years is a long time to have a relationship and then end..	labels:I caught her cheating on me.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. That's hard to forgive and move on from that..	labels:I'm trying to just move on but I feel so insulted. I'm mad then sad back and forth, over and over.
text:I find that when I have a very painful situation, I try to only thing about it for a certain amount of time. Then I make a list of things to do so I can be occupied to not think about it..	labels:Yes, but my whole life was upended. My living situation, my friend circle is broken up over this. I don't know how to move on. Any suggestions?
text:Getting over a breakup will take time? Have you ever heard of DABDA? Denial (I can't believe this happened!) Anger (we all know that) Bargaining (If only I had done that, or if only - trying to make it FEEL better by imagining other scenarios - doesn't really work) Depression - sadness, then Acceptance -- we go in and out of these emotions and sometimes it can make us feel crazy, but all of them are normal in varying degrees and we don't know when they will happen..	labels:No, but those sound like the typical stages of grief. I guess I'm in anger. I have no interest in barbagining.
text:I would make a list of things you have always wanted to do and then just BRAINSTORM any idea, no idea is too out there -- learn to ice skate, learn to play the ukulele, sign up for dance lessons, join the gym, go to a singles group at church, visit the elderly, volunteer somewhere..	labels:I think I need to focus on exercise. Just get my body and mind healthy and full of energy. What do you think?
text:I also find it helpful not only to limit how much I dwell on my pain, but make sure I reach out to help someone else. I will tell you, that is the secret to happiness. Maybe help a neighbor with groceries or hanging lights. Old people (me) love help, bake something or call your aunt or uncle.	labels:True, but it's hard not to dwell. It's not like I have a choice. It overcomes me.
text:I agree, get healthy and try to help others. One thing about feelings is that if you change your mind, you can change your feelings, it might happen slowly, but if you put your mind off of it, it will help. Not saying NEVER feel the emotions, but feelings are the tail of the dog, not the dog itself, You do not have to be ruled by them. You don not have to FEEL like going for a walk to go for a walk.	labels:It's hard not to just drown myself in booze and cannabis.
text:A healthy balance of self care, and other centered behavior and know this will take time. I just takes time..	labels:Time heals all wounds for sure.
text:I understand, but those are choices that really, long term, are not for your benefit. Her cheating was a reflection on HER bad character, not yours. You have to love yourself and try to fight this..	labels:Are you Ai or a human mturker?
text:I'm a human. I live in KY, retired counselor! hhahaha I prayed for someone to encourage.	labels:OH cool. Well your prayer came true. I'm, also a human....from Georgia.
text:I'm from the city, so there isn't much to do on a farm in the middle of cold weather. I have been through a lot of breakups, so I know what works, and yes, I was cheated on, devastating. But you can overcome this. Make that list and do NOT let your feelings rule your life. You can recover and find someone worthy of your love and care.	labels:Thanks so much!!! I really appreciate it! :)
text:The WORST breakup came a year before I met my husband. in retrospect, it was the best thing, listen,you could have married this girl, count your blessings. cheating is just terribly destructive. And you are welcome. Take care of yourself. Write the list of goals and fun things to do, choose one every day..	labels:You are very kind! All the best!! Take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?	labels:I could be better.
text:Sorry to hear. What's going on?	labels:i'm having difficulty dealing with a coworker that doesn't take constructive feedback on standard work procedures well and is now starting her own investigation.
text:Sorry to hear that. An investigation on who? you?.	labels:Me and my manager. She feels that we are targeting her.
text:That's unfortunately. Have you talked to someone in upper management about this?	labels:I have talked to him about past issues with her but not this most recent. I'm trying to give myself some time to talk to him because I'm still very angry and don't want to talk with so much emotion.
text:That is understandable. People can be hard to deal with at times. What did the co-worker do that upset you?	labels:We have a set process of how we are to screen employees as they enter the workplace.  She doesn't follow the procedures or makes up her own way to do them because she is lazy to either stand up or greet them.  She is also rude at times to customers and has an attitude that is not friendly. .
text:Oh, that's unfortunate. Have you brought this issue to upper management in the past?.	labels:I have and so my manager sent a general memo reminding employees about our standard operating procedures.  And from that memo, she thinks it's only about her and that we are discriminating against her.
text:Sorry to hear. Has upper management done anything about this issue?	labels:I haven't taken it past my immediate manager but I may have to at this point if she is looking to file a grievance or submit a statement that we are discriminating her.
text:Well, in my opinion, I think you did the right thing. Has anyone else mentioned her rudeness in the past?	labels:Thank you.  Yes others that have worked with her share say the same thing about her rudeness and laziness on the job.  I am probably going to submit some kind of report or statement to upper management. .
text:I was wondering, how long has she been an employee at your work?	labels:I'm just unsure because I have not documented the  incidents that I have had with her.. She's been employee for approximately 5 months.
text:No, I think you did the right thing. Wow, 5 month and she's still there.	labels:Thank you.  With everything going on in the world right now, it's frustrating to have to deal with this person also...
text:Well, I hope everything works out for you..	labels:Thank you for your help and for listening..	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for support in regards to a recent break up. My boyfriend/fiance seems to be a serial and or chronic masturbator. When I looked at his files in his computer it was shocking! Are you there? I am seeking some support in this crazy world? The thing is that his files contained really gross porn and live webcam sites. What should I do? When I confronted him he said it was not him! He lied so horribly! I am heartbroken. I also found out that he has had many different profiles on facebook that are just covert operations. What would you think? Please tell me what advice you would give? His spam folder is full of crap! all of it like Fuck me here and now!. Hello there are you there?\nsorry i'm here.	labels:I have checked his email folders and we have talked about his over the top usage of porn and online dating sites. He has admitted that he is in fact a sex addict! Should I hold on or should I let it go? Just find someone else that I can actually trust?
text:First of all, I have a fre questions to ask. Does the idea of him being sex addict change how you feel about him?	labels:What's the fre question? what is fre? Not necessarily . Just the trust issue really.
text:I would say you should cut tie with him. Being  into porn is a serious issue but what's more important is he lied to you about that.	labels:We've known each other for years and have been friends for a very long time.. We dated on and off and things just seem to always go back to this weird off place.
text:I think you can also feel it yourself that there's something not right between you and him.	labels:I appreciate your thoughts. So you don't think I should give him another chance?
text:This is a wake up call for you I must say, to get away from him. I think you should sit down and tell him to take a break, this doesn't mean completely break up but some time for both of you to think it over.	labels:I feel like I really can't trust him and find myself looking through his computer and phone questioning things. makes me feel crazy.
text:I understand how you feel, it's not easy to get over this feeling.	labels:Is this a clean site or do people use it for porn chat?
text:That's why you need some time for yourself to think whether you can forgive him and try to help him or not.	labels:I know . That sounds like great advice. Hard to pull off during the pandemic though.
text:To be honest, watching porn is normal, however, I feel that if someone is too into it, as in watch it more than 1-2 times a month, it's problematic and won't be easy to fix. Do you live with him?	labels:Ah. I think it's more of a real issue when it comes to controlling himself or using sites because he was single for so long. He is currently staying with me..
text:You can ask him to stop doing that for you, if he really cares, he will try.	labels:His latest obsession has been 3d printing. I have found weird sites with ' funny'' dildos on them in his feed and stored data. Do you think he might be gay? Like humor I understand but...
text:goodness.	labels:stored data with adult printed groups on fb! dildos with star wars themes. Immature stuff. IDK.?
text:That you have to ask him, tell him to have an honest thought, no judgement, be completely honest with each other.	labels:He laughs when I show him mens underwear. I think maybe that's a sign he's uncomfortable. What do you think?
text:Yeah, laughs can definitely be a sign of someone getting nervous. Does he have any close male friends?	labels:Yep That's what I thought too. He does have a few close male friends. Nothing that looks suspicious though.
text:Whether he's gay or not, it's hard to say just from a few things, but what's more important right now is for you two to sit down and talk.	labels:I wonder if there is a way to find out why he joined all of these weird servers and is trying to learn code. Is it really for 3d printing or is it to make a secret platform to hide his data etc?
text:Maybe it's just simple as he tells you, but you have to talk to him.There is no use sitting here and let all those thoughts and questions consume you.	labels:Have you ever used jatos? or done any surveys for the universities? You're actually pretty good at this!.
text:What is jatos?	labels:It's a link I found while searching but it turns out to be a server that is used for studies.
text:oh interesting.	labels:JATOS.
text:I just use my experience and try to help.	labels:just another tool for online studies.
text:Is there any problems you need help with?	labels:I think that You have helped me allot. Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is anyone there.\nHello. How are you today?	labels:I'm doing good. I need some advice.
text:What can I help you with?	labels:Lately, my friends started to make jokes about my face being ugly. They even called my face as flat as a pan! What should I do? I see them everyday on the bus.
text:Have you tried confronting them and asking why they are being bullies?	labels:I did and they respond by saying that they are just joking and that I'm handsome. But it's starting to get on my nerves because it's all they make fun about every time they see me!
text:I'm sure you are very handsome! They could just be jealous.	labels:Haha I would hope so. Still though, it makes me want to avoid them when I go to school on the bus. What do you think I should do then?
text:I understand, school was tough for me too. I suggest you tell them to knock it off or you can sit somewhere away from the bus.	labels:Should I just beat them up with my backpack.
text:No, beating them up will only get you in trouble and that won't help.	labels:There's another bus route. Should I just take that instead.
text:I think that could be a good idea if it's not too far out of your way.	labels:I think I will. Their comments make me very insecure.
text:You could also tell a teacher what is happening. They will help you out. I bet you are handsome! Don't let it get to you.	labels:The teacher would probably make fun of me! Thanks it's hard to look in the mirror now.
text:Try to tell yourself you are good looking and deserve good things to happen every morning! Look in that mirror and tell yourself good things.	labels:I'll try to be positive for once. Do you believe working out will help.
text:Working out will help a lot! When I was feeling down on myself I decided to go to the gym three times a week. It was a great confidence boost.	labels:Awesome. I will start to take care of myself and not worry about others then.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?\nAre you there?	labels:Yes I am. How are you?
text:I am okay and yourself?	labels:Not so good these days.
text:I have had a lot of bad days in the past talking it out with friends helped me get through it.	labels:That's good to hear, though I don't have any friends. Now I feel even more depressed.
text:How long has this been going on?	labels:My depression? 3 years unfortunately..
text:That is really upsetting to hear. But I think that you can get better.	labels:I doubt it.
text:After I had my daughter I had severe depression and thought that there was no way out, I went to the hospital and they referred me to a psychiatrist so I could get help.	labels:Good to hear that you're doing good. I am taking medication for my depression currently..
text:I can say that it didn't get better over night, it  took years of medication adjustments and a great therapist to get me through since I also did not have friends at the time and an unsupportive family.	labels:Thanks for the positive vibes. I am trying to do activities to past the time. Like reading.
text:Reading is a great coping skill. What are some of your favorite things to read about?	labels:Mainly self improvement books. Any genre suggestions?
text:I recently read a study that suggested that reading fiction may lead to inceased empathy and this increased empathy help the reader basically pay it forward by being more willing to do good deads.	labels:Good to know. I will definitely check it out. Any title recommendation?
text:The study suggests that the story be upbeat and be very discriptive of positive messages. I would avoid sad stories..	labels:Thanks for everything.	episode_done:True
text:So it really happened just like that.\nWhat happened?	labels:My life just got flipped-turned upside down. In West Philadelphia born and raised, on the playground is where I spent most of my days. Chilling out maxing relaxing all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of school. when a couple of guys who were up to no good.
text:It seems like you are feeling a little bit like the Fresh Prince of Bell-Air. Are you having any problems that I can help you with today?	labels:First diagnosis was accurate so I can only trust you from here on out. You see I was just 14 when my parents built a very strange machine. it was designed to view a world unseen.
text:Sounds good. I am glad that you trust me. What did the strange machine do?	labels:When it didn't quite work, my folks just quit so I decided to take a look inside of it. there was a great big flash. everything just changed. MY MOLECULES GOT ALL REARRANGED (phantom phantom)
text:I can see that you are taking this opportunity as a joke.	labels:What would you rather we discuss? Favorite Katy Perry song has got to be Fireworks.
text:I am here as your peer-supporter to help you. Is there anything that you have been struggling with recently?	labels:Just everyday sluggishness and feeling down. but they provide medication for that.
text:When did this start?	labels:last year is when I got diagnosed.
text:It sounds like you had a life-changing diagnosis last year. How has it affected your life?.	labels:been getting lit a lot.
text:I know getting "lit" is an easy way to deal with our problems, but it is not always the healthiest thing to do. It sounds like you are trying to escape something.	labels:It's more like constantly feeling like there's a weight on my chest, tired but can't fall asleep, and having a terrible appetite. it helps "escape" those feelings. but if there's something bigger I am trying to escape I have no clue what it is.
text:Life can be really hard, but I know you can turn things around!. From what I have heard, I think that it could be helpful to try and cut back on the "getting lit"	labels:Life has been getting better despite it but doesn't feel like my mood improves for long. the day ends. I get back home. and I'm feeling a shot or a bowl. alcohol bad *dab* so we get lit.
text:Do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to?	labels:I talk to my gf about it but doesn't really improve anything. probably just need stronger medication.
text:I think that's great that you have a girlfriend whom you can talk to! Stronger medication can certainly help, I would recommend seeing your doctor asap.	labels:Yeah probably the best play and we got over 15min. bye. I will miss u. my sweet prince.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.  Maybe you can help me calm down.  I just found out that I'm losing my job in January. (1)\nHello! I hope I can.. I am so sorry to hear that. That's so rough. There are so many people going through this right now..	labels:Yes and that worries me even more.  More people competing for the same jobs. (2)
text:That's a fare worry but you can't be discourged. YOu need to think positively.. You can use this as a time to reconnect with family and to get your resume together..	labels:I will have to do a new resume definitely. It's been awhile. (3)
text:That's a good activity !! Do you have anyone who can help you with it?	labels:I'll have to think on that, I have a friend that might be able to help but it's been awhile for both of us (4)
text:Do you have any hobbies you can work on while you're home?	labels:Well I don't think they are hobbies, but there are things that need to be done around the house.  Guess I can keep myself busy at least (5)
text:That's really helpfuL! staying busy is good.. It's also really good time to reconnect with a loved ones and friends. You can try virtual connections..	labels:Yes, but I know I'll also have a lot of work to do to get ready to find a new job.  I'm really hoping I can find one before I lose this one (6)
text:HAve you been searching online sites? They post so many nowadays! If you spend a few hours a day. i'm sure that you'll find one in no time!!	labels:I looked at indeed and I did apply to one thing.  But when it came back to me it said that 4970 other people had applied for the same job! (7)
text:That happens but keep looking. It's a numbers game, so you have to just apply to a ton them once your resume is ready..	labels:I wish I knew how to make myself stand out more.  So many people are out there looking for work. (8)
text:There are online career counselors or resume helpers, they can help you figure out how to make your resume stand out. What industry are you in?	labels:I'm an accountant (9)
text:So you're smart! You will defintiely find a job, i have total faith in you..	labels:Well, with numbers at least!  I just worry about companies that aren't able to be open, well they won't need an accountant. (10)
text:I think with the vaccine coming, things will be going back to normal soon enough! They already started giving the vaccine out..	labels:I sure hope so!  But I hear so many people not wanting to get it - I've had covid, I'll be taking it definitely!	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:Hello.  I will be losing my job in January.  I am very worried (1)
text:I am sorry to hear that. Why is it that you are losing your job?	labels:The company just has to make cut backs and a lot of us are being furloughed. (2)
text:I had the same situation not too long ago when the IT department I worked for realigned and my position was cut and I was laid off, so I completely understand the situation.	labels:It is so hard to even contemplate finding a new job in this economy. (3)
text:Just from sharing a few messages with you, I can tell how anxious you are about this,	labels:Yes, it has me very worried.  I have bills and kids and a husband - I need a job. (4)
text:I know how difficult this situation is, but I know you will be able to get through this!	labels:I've tried to get in touch with the unemployment office, but they are not answering the phones there I guess (5)
text:I know unemployment offices have been very busy during this pandemic.	labels:Ours does not even appear to be open.  I thought they would be able to provide some help. (6)
text:I would think that would be a good resource to start. Have you updated your resume and cover letter?	labels:No I need to do both of those things.  I have not needed a resume for over 10 years (7)
text:I would definitely update both, it helps to show new employers all of your relevant experience and what you have been doing.	labels:Yes I will have to look into the new ways people do them now.  I'm sure things have changed (8)
text:Another thing that might help would be to talk to the others who are being furloughed and see what plans they have to get through this,	labels:I thought about that but then worried we'd be looking for the same jobs and they may not want to share tips (9)
text:I think they would be more than willing to share tips! Networking is great!	labels:That's something else I'm not good at - networking!  I feel like I need a class in how to get a job these days. (10)	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is anyone here?\nhello.	labels:I need a bit of advice.
text:Sure, what is going on?	labels:My partner of 4 years... i never thought this would happen but they ended up cheating on me. Caught them in the act. With my roommate. I can't believe this. We've been together for 4 years. All of their stuff is in the same house we are living in. Should I kick them out???
text:I am truly sorry you had to witness that. Would you feel more comfortable with them leaving or do you think either relationship is salvagable?	labels:That's my current problem. I do still love them but... what would happen if I stay and we work on our relationship? Do you think it would be a good idea to solve the relationship and stay?
text:If you feel that something might be salvageable it might be worth looking into. Do you think they'd be open to sitting down and talking it out?	labels:They did end up crying and saying that it was a mistake. I don't know if it would be a good idea. I think I would have feelings of regret. The trust wouldn't be there anymore.
text:I think that either way you choose to proceed there is always the choice of remaining amicable. You're all adults, so sitting down and discussing what comes next is an inevitability. Maybe they will choose to leave, or you'll decide it would be better for you to go, but at least the discussion would be ongoing to perhaps resume the friendship at a later time?	labels:I'll give it a shot to talk with them. Do you think there would be hateful feelings even if we decided to resume the friendship?
text:If you're trying your best to move on and the other party ends up with hateful feelings then I feel like at least you gave it your best right? It might be worth laying low for a little while to sort through the feelings of mistrust and betrayal.	labels:That is true. I probably will give it some time to decide on a best course of action. I just needed someone to talk to.
text:I'm glad I could help.	labels:Thanks again friend! Do your recommend for me to talk right away?
text:I would talk to them as soon as you feel comfortable enough to do so. It might get awkward and leave people to come to other conclusions if it's avoided for too long.	labels:That's true. Right now I think it would be too awkward to talk.	episode_done:True
text:hello, I need some help.\nHi, tell me all do you want to say!	labels:I'm just really nervous about my fnial. final. I have to get a really high grade, a 95, in order.  to pass the class.
text:ohhh, but don't worry. do your best effort and you will get 95.	labels:I'm trying hard, but I just feel so much pressure. I work 2 jobs to pay for school,  and failing. is not an option.
text:I think you should don't be nervous, because it rest to your concentration!	labels:What do you suggest I do?  I've been studying all night.
text:Oh God, I can understand you! that's a lot of pressuare.	labels:yes it is! Should I keep studying or try and get some rest?
text:Well, I think you should take a rest time from your works and take that time to study a lot.	labels:my test is tomorrow! I'm not working right now, I'm studying.
text:Yes of course, You can do it and keeping studying to do your best in the exam. OHHHH!!!! well, you can take a rest like 20 or 30 minutes to desestress yourself and then continuing studying all night.	labels:how do I take some pressure off myself? that's a good idea!
text:after the exam your pressure will be less than now.	labels:True.  Do you have any study tips?
text:tomorrow will be a good day for you! I CAN SEE YOUR GRADE IT WILL BE 95.	labels:what if I fail? I will be miserrable.
text:when i am studying i practices a lot everything, special the things that are more difficult.  I always started with the difficult things, when I understood those parts I pass to the most simple parts, I think is better for my comprehension.	labels:those are good suggestions!
text:DON'T THINK THAT, you are trying and you can't give up now, I AM SURE YOU WILL PASS!	labels:Thank you! this made me feel less stressed.
text:You are always welcome!.	labels:have a good night!
text:that's good, you have to eliminate your stress because it rest to your energy and good vibes.	labels:I'm going to get some rest.	episode_done:True
text:Hello? I'm so emotionally exhausted all the time lately.\nHi. It sounds like your having a hard time. Is the stuff going on that could be contributing to this?	labels:With Covid going on and school being from home my house is so chaotic all day and I can never get any peace. I feel like I'm always going and never stop.
text:My own kid has been home through all this too so I understand..	labels:There is always something going on and I miss quite and chances to just relax without having to tend to someone else all the time.
text:Have you tried to talk to your spouse and see if you can have some you time? Maybe have them take the kids out so you can rest.	labels:I feel so guilty doing that though. Like what is the point when I know when he leaves I'll feel horrible and then end up like cleaning the whole house or something.
text:I used to be like that too until i found a hobby I enjoyed so I could have something just for me.	labels:I used to love doing art things but I haven't done anything in a few years. I do miss it. what are some things your like to do?
text:I think you should try to get back into that. maybe it will help your find yourself a little bit more again. I like to get out and hike. I also really enjoy painting for fun.	labels:I think I might do that. Thank you for making me think to do something i have let fall by the wayside. I love being outdoors. My husband works a lot so we can only really get out one or twice a week because we only have one care and i think being stuck inside all the time is really what is causing my feelings.
text:It sounds like you have a lot going on at home and with the way of the world right now I think your are trying your hardest.	labels:Thank you so much. It is nice to hear some support.
text:It sounds like your stressed a lot and just having a little trouble finding your way forward. They say getting outside and getting sun helps with your mood and demeaner. Have your tried just walking around the block a few times a week?	labels:I am. I would love to get outside but some times it hard. I do know that i should try a little harder. Thank you for talking to me.
text:Of course. I am glad i could help. Do you feel like this has helped you?	labels:Yes I feel calmer and like I can make some changes to help even more on the daily.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi!
text:How can I help?	labels:Just in a bad mood because recently I was dumped by my girlfriend.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that.	labels:Do you have any advice?
text:How long were you together?	labels:2 years.
text:That's tough. Can you describe what events led to the breakup?	labels:It happened recently. I didn't really see any signs she wanted to end things. It came out of the blue one night and I feel terrible.
text:How do you think you will get through this?  Do you have someone to talk with?	labels:I have my friends and family that have been very supportive but I guess its just going to take some time.
text:It absolutely will take time. You are right. Can I suggest that you try to look at what went wrong before getting involved with someone else? Would it be possible to talk with your friends and family about what they think might have happened?	labels:Yep, thats a great idea. I definitely plan to take some time to thing about everything that happened. I feel blindsided but ultimately I think just spending time with my friends and family will help.
text:I'm sure it will help to be with people who love you when you feeling so devastated.	labels:Exactly, it just happened at a time when the holidays are coming up and you want to spend it with people you care about.
text:I hear you. All messages this time of year are about being with people we love and that will hit you hard at this time of year. Do you have any particular things you like to do to take care of yourself?	labels:I enjoy snowboarding as a hobby. I might try to get back on my board depending on what locations are open. It's just hard right now with having no motivation to really do anything.
text:Yes. when you are depressed it is hard to become motivated to do anything. However, it is extremely important that you do act. Keep moving through your days, even if you feel like you are in a haze. It may take awhile to build up to snowboarding. Maybe start with a daily walk and build from there. Action (physically doing something) triggers psychological movement. It will help you move through the pain that you are feeling.	labels:Thank you! I really appreciate your advice. I will try my best to build myself back up, I know the coming days will be hard, but as long as I keep trying then things should eventually get better. Thank you again for talking to me today. Its been extremely helpful. Have a great rest of the week!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you tonight?	labels:Not good.
text:How can I help you?	labels:I had a fear of losing job.
text:What is causing this fear?	labels:During this pandemic situation, most of the companies laid off their employees.
text:Just from these few messages, I can tell you are very anxious about this situation.	labels:Yes. I don't know what to do.
text:Have you spoken with your supervisor about how you feel? Often times it helps to make sure your supervisor is aware of your concerns.	labels:No. I just got the information from the company and didn't speak with anyone.
text:I can definitely understand this feeling, as I was also very worried at the beginning of the pandemic about my job security.	labels:Yes. I planned for many more things. But now I am losing my job.
text:Another thing that really helped me was to take more time in the various hobbies I enjoy outside of work.	labels:Yes. I should concentrate on another things.
text:I found it very useful!	labels:Thank you for your suggestion. I should follow it.
text:No problem! I am glad I was able to chat with you today!	labels:This is so nice. Thank you for your help.
text:You are very welcome! Feel free to chat anytime you need anything!	labels:Tell me about you something.
text:What would you like to know?	labels:About your hobbies.
text:I like to play a lot of video games with friends to help me relax and take my mind off things,	labels:Nice. I am really relaxing while talking with you.
text:I am glad I have been able to make you more relaxed.	labels:Where are you living.
text:I am in New York State.	labels:Super, I am in California. What was famous in your area?	episode_done:True
text:hello. how are you today?\nHello, how are you feeling today?	labels:a bit sad. more depressed. its just i keep getting benched at work. i'm not really sure what do to. *to do.
text:I'm sorry to hear that! I think that would make most people feel upset.	labels:i'm not really sure what i'm doing wrong.
text:Ah, that was my next question. Sometimes things are happening out of our control, though.	labels:what can i do though?
text:Have you thought of asking your boss or supervisor if there's anything going on?	labels:hrm. i could do that! they are hard to get a hold of though.
text:Of course! That sounds frustrating to not know why it's happening and not have the opportunity to ask.	labels:yes...hrm. that may work. how can i stop being depressed all the time though.
text:I've also had bosses that are infrequently in the office and make getting good information hard.	labels:how did you fix the issue? i work at home and its like just trying to reach out - they are always busy.
text:I think your feelings are normal, but if I were you, I might try to remember that the decisions of others aren't always a reflection of us or how we're performing.	labels:this whole covid thing has me scrambling to talk to a live person.
text:I can imagine!	labels:ok, so just keep pushing and getting good work done?
text:I was in a physical office when I had this problem, but the boss rotated between offices. It was hard to wait, but I just kept my head down until the next time she was available.. That's what I did.	labels:maybe i can try that.. thank you. i'll give it a shot.
text:I think reminding yourself that if there was a problem with your work they would be seeking YOU out, and not the other way around.	labels:hrm...that's a good point! i hadn't thought of it that way.
text:Hopefully that mindset can help you stay positive until you have the chance to speak with them, instead of worrying about what you've done wrong. That anxiety feels like what is keeping you down?	labels:i think that will work.it maybe what's keeping me down. i'll try yoga too.  I'll give it a shot and just talk with him when i see him online next time. he isn't online that often because we have 2 separate computers each for our work. well...i hope you have a wonderful night! thank you for all your help!
text:I really hope that helps keep you afloat until you can get some real answers. Worrying about what-ifs is harder than just knowing what's goiong on!	labels:yes i agree.
text:I hope you feel better soon and are able to clear it up!	labels:thank you for your help! me too. i'll try what you have suggested and see if that doesn't work out well. who knows, maybe it just my project that i'm on..
text:Have a good night!	labels:thank you  you too! where are you located out of. i'm in virginia usa.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:I am ok. How do you do. Can you help out.
text:Great, I am happy to lend a listening ear.	labels:Thank you for your concern..
text:Of course, what is bothering you today?	labels:I am worry about my job. Because of pandemic.
text:Are you worried of losing your job due to COVID-19?	labels:yes. absolutely.
text:I understand your concern about losing your job during these times. So many people are worried and it doesn't seem to be getting better.	labels:Ya. I am feeling the same.
text:Have you tried speaking to your employer about how you can secure your job? Many people have been trying to see if they can get unemployment just in case they do lose their income.	labels:Not yet speak. I will try my best to solve this problem.
text:It is always good to know all your options during the pandemic. I hope you feel better assured knowing that you can try and qualify for unemployment benefits just in case you do lose your job.	labels:Ok thank you so much for your best time which is spend with me.
text:Is there anything else you would like to share with me?	labels:No. thanks.
text:Please end the conversation if there is nothing left for me to help you with :)	labels:Ok.
text:Happy to work with you :)	labels:Happy to chat with you again in future.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hi. Could you please help?
text:How are you tonight?	labels:I am okay.
text:How can I help you?	labels:I caught my gf texting another guy.
text:So from what I understand, you caught your significant other texting someone else.	labels:yes right.
text:What types of things was she texting him about?	labels:Asking about what he was doing later. What he likes to do for fun.
text:Just from the few messages we have sent, I can tell you are very anxious and upset about this situation.	labels:yes for sure, i was so shocked and  disappointed.
text:I completely understand this as I had issues with my ex fiancé texting other guys and cheating on me.	labels:Oh no! thats horrible too.
text:I know how hard a situation like this is, but I know you can get through it!	labels:Thanks so much! I think I can too. Thanks for sharing with me.
text:Have you tried to have a conversation with her about it?	labels:No I feel like she should come to me about it since she was caught.
text:What if she doesn't know you caught her?	labels:I saw her do it. She didn't really say a whole lot, she just left right afterwards.
text:I think it would definitely help to talk to her about it, it is never good to let situations like this build up without being talked about.	labels:That's probably true, just a bit awkward.
text:I can definitely understand the awkwardness of the conversation, it was tough for me to have that conversation as well.	labels:And I agree about making sure I talk with her. It's not healthy.
text:It is definitely not healthy.	labels:Thanks for being supportive. Relationships are tough.
text:They are very tough. Did you need anything else from me tonight?	labels:no i think I am good. Thank you again!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello.  How are you today?	labels:not very good.
text:oh no.  that isn't good.  can you tell me what happened?	labels:my husband and i have been fighting alot recently over his infidelity. its really taken a toll on me. we have tried several counselors but nothing seems to be working.
text:I am sorry to hear that.  I can understand how frustrating that can be.  I have had my fair share of boyfriends cheat on me. .	labels:weve been married for 14 years. I feel broken by this. we have 2 kids and my daughter, the eldest knows.
text:I am sure that you have been trying to do everything that you can do to help the situation.  It sounds like you choosing counseling was a good start.  It shows how much you care..	labels:yes but my husband doesnt want to fi things. hes happy with having 2 women. ive had to buy a recorder and put it in his car. The things i heard were horrible. he found out though..
text:It is rough for our children to see adult stuff like this.  They might not be able to understand.  I would suggest trying to set down and talk to them about it, when you are ready..	labels:I dont want my youngest to know. He loves his father and i dont want to destroy that.
text:How do you feel about your husband not wanting to fix things?  Is that something that you are considering?	labels:i feel horrible. Im actually trying to fix things while he texts her every day. i dont know whats gonna happen.
text:That is a very thoughtful thing for you to put your son first.  He is lucky to have such a great mother, that obviously loves him..	labels:i do very much.
text:Have you tried to talk to your husband about your feelings and how you might not be willing to accept this?	labels:i do but every time i do he thinks that its that i dont trust him and that i hate him. and i dont hate him or his lover. I just want things to go back they used to be. what should i do?
text:Have you thought about if you can trust him after that?	labels:im not sure if i can, but i dont want to live in constant paranoia of him. im just so lost.
text:I can understand where you are coming from.  I have been in that situation myself and it is not an easy place to be.  For me, it took some time to accept that I deserved better than someone who didn't just want me.  Is that how you feel?	labels:kind of.
text:Understandably so.  I believe that this is just temporary and you will be amazed at how strong you are.	labels:you think so?
text:If you are leaning toward not accepting not being enough for him, then I would suggest an exit plan.  Call a family member, or friend, to see if you can stay there awhile.  Have a cooling off period from your husband and reassess the situation.	labels:ok. ill consider that. thank you so much. this has been going on for half a year.
text:I absolutely do.  We normally find out that we are actually much stronger than we give ourselves credit for.	labels:thank you.
text:That is wonderful news!  See you are starting to make a plan for a better life for you and your children.  You so got this!	labels: thank you so much. stay safe. bye bye.
text:youre welcome.  I am here if you need me.	labels:i have a feeling that everything will be okay.
text:That is great!  Did you have a chance to think of anything else that might help you through this?	labels:yes. Thanks to you i can broaden my search. thank you. good bye.	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you today.	labels:Hello, I have been better. How are you?
text:good thank you. what seems to be the problem.	labels:Well.. I lost my job and so did my husband. Since then we have been fighting all the time. and he doesn't help anymore around the house. Or with the kids.
text:thats horrible. i understand why you feel this way.. have you tried to talk to him about how you feel?	labels:I have and he turns it into something nasty. Like I am saying he is a lazy piece of garbage, or something like that .. And it becomes a huge fight.
text:i dont think thats fair on his part. Even though you both are having a hard time he should try to be patient as well. Do your kids know about the situation or have you been keeping this from them?	labels:I wish he would. He sees me taking care of our 4 kids, cleaning, cooking taking care of the animals and he still does nothing. The see everytime we fight. He usually gets loud and then I get loud. My oldest, 13, sees how he is acting.. Today marks day 4 that he has been in the room playing games only coming out to get a drink.
text:heres what i think. You should try to explain to your kids the situation. At least your oldest so they understand why this is happening and that its not their fault.	labels:I have had that talk with him, but I should do it again. My toddlers don't understand.
text:thats good. When you have your fights, you should try to keep your toddlers away. its not good for little kids to be experiencing this. As for your husband i think you should seek a counselors advice.	labels:I wish I could. I try to stay quite sometimes but he just keeps going on and on like he wants to fight.. I think so to, but it is hard since we don't have jobs and no insurance.
text:Because these are hard times, i think that you should try to find a job as soon as possible. Try different apps or websites. try to include both of you so you can connect..	labels:Oh I have been trying. I have been applying everyday about 20 jobs a day.. I was thinking of taking the kids to my dad for a weekend to get a break. Should I do that? without him.
text:try to talk to him first. before you take them out try to talk to your husband alone, without the presence of your kids. Try to see things eye to eye. If he start to yell of curse, you must try to stay calm. Be the strong one in the discussion.  If things dont work out tell him that you wish to take your kids out for a break.. He shouldn't act out if you are both being calm..	labels:Okay I will try again. I agree. I am just tired that I am the one that keeps trying and he is doing nothing to fix this.
text:I would be too. Im going through something similar actually. If you try to be strong and persevere you can do it.	labels:Oh wow, I am sorry. Hopefully things will go back to normal soo. Thank you!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello? Please let me know if you're there... I'm not receiving any messages - are you there?\nHello! I am here. How are you today?	labels:Ahh! Hello...
text:How are you doing?	labels:I'm okay - I'm just sort of frustrated with my brother's wife.
text:Oh no, do you want to talk about it? What hapepned?	labels:She barely speaks to me - she didn't even message me on my 50th birthday - but then she texts to demand my mom's wedding ring. ... because she wants to give it to her 16 year old daughter. Who will also be getting a Lexus for her birthday.
text:Oh wow, that sounds incredibly frustrating. Do you speak to your brother?	labels:How is a diamond solitaire an appropriate gift for a 16 year old? He is so rabidly defensive of her, if I bring it up, it won't matter if he agrees with me or not - he'll take her side. And both our parents died last year - I can't lose him too.
text:That's so inappropriate, my husband's brother is the same way with his kids. They are giving such inappropraite gifts for their age.. Oh wow, i'm so sorry about your parents. Losing parents is so hard. Definitely need to make sure you don't lose your brother as well..	labels:She's the only granddaughter - she'll get the ring eventually, if she wants it (probably won't). My SIL apparently thinks that was the only valuable thing about my mom - she didn't want any of the books, or art, or photos... Are you too busy to do this right now...?
text:Not at all!!!	labels:You're really not saying much.
text:Thats' so horrible. THere is so much more valuable. YOu can  keep the books and art and photos though.. the interface has been slow for me , i'm so sorry ! Do you have your moms photos displayed? I found that to be a really helpful way to stay connected and show people how special they are..	labels:No, I should do that.  I see them on my phone and computer every day, but I should have a framed one up.  I just moved house, and I don't have all my stuff yet.
text:It's nice to display them in pretty frames. YOu could even frame a few and give htem to your niece. She may appreciate them more if they are displayed in a nice way.. You can then tell her stories about them that go with the pictures, it will make them more meaningful..	labels:I could do that... of course, if the frames aren't solid platinum they won't be good enough for my brother's wife... My parents both got dementia at the end, and I"m sad that the kids won't really remember the real them. My mom was more than a diamond ring... And she would have been horrified at the idea of giving it to a 16-year-old who'd just throw it in a drawer with her other diamonds. I don't really see the kids. Not my choice. It hurts that my brother just goes along with it. I guess I'll sign off.  Thanks for talking, and for the ideas.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you?\ni am good how can i help you today?	labels:I'm feeling so depressed!
text:i am so sorry you are feeling depressed I can understand how you are feeling..	labels:I can't seem to find a job...I've been trying so hard. I will run out of money, soon...
text:i can understand in this time it is hard finding a job during this pandemic.	labels:Yes....and wearing masks is hard, too....I get claustrophobic a lot. I get through it though.
text:Yes wearing a mask can be hard but it is for everyone protection and you are doing the right thing.	labels:I have a BA but that doesn't seem to help me find a job, much. Seems like all I see are jobs for construction type jobs.
text:have you tried looking online for jobs?	labels:Yes, it's the main way I search. I've seen gas station and fast food jobs posted most lately.
text:don't let this get the best of you just know everything will be ok and you will find a job.	labels:I hope so. To make matters worse I've messed up my UI paperwork it seems and now that is delayed.
text:we are all going through a tough time right now with the coronavirus going around and it will make everyone get depressed but don't let it get to you.	labels:I. am trying, thanks for all your helpful words! I am trying to work in the mall now, as I think holidays are going to cause good business. Hope to get something. Maybe I will get a job where I can get a discount!
text:you should go to places and talk to the hiring manager and see if they are hiring.	labels:I've tried that a few times, but it hasn't worked out that well...it seems like the managers are usually not there. I need a plan/time that I think I'll have more success. So far it's been hard. I'd like to find a job fair, but they are all cancelled from the pandemic.
text:yes i can understand they are never there when you go try to talk to them.	labels:Or maybe they are there but they are hiding?
text:but all you can do is try right now.	labels:I have a feeling most of the places I email just file it in the circular folder.
text:things will get better soon for you and you will get a call from a job.	labels:Thanks for your support...sometimes I feel like I am the little fish in the big pond.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:i am depressed.
text:I'm sorry to hear that! When did you begin feeling this way?	labels:when i lost my job in march.
text:I know how you feel. I have been out of work since March as well.	labels:i have no money and cant find a job. its so hard.
text:What field of work were you previously involved in?	labels:nanny.
text:There are a lot of resources for nannies and child care online. Have you tried signing up for any of those resources?	labels:yes i have but because i am also at home with my son for school i need a work from home job which has been hard to find.
text:That sounds like a really tough situation. I feel your frustration.	labels:it is. no income and bills are pilling up. its a lot to handle.
text:Have you explored any other fields of work that would allow you to stay at home with your son while allowing you to work?	labels:i have looked on job sites but the work from home don't seem legit and there is a lot of them that are scams. i keep looking daily but having no luck.
text:Apparently many companies are moving or switching to moving over to remote work. Hopefully you are able to find something soon. Are there any other resources or options you have explored?	labels:no i have not. i guess i just gave up and lost my ambition.
text:Don't beat yourself up for it. You will find something, it just takes a bit of time!	labels:thank you for the kind words.
text:No problem! I hope your situation gets better!	labels:i hope yours does as well. i appreciate it.
text: have a good rest of your day!	labels:you as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hello good afternoon.\nHello what can i help you with today?	labels:having problems with a friend.
text:i am sorry you are having problems with a friend. When did this start?	labels:It started a couple of days ago.
text:what seems to be the problem?	labels:we got into a fight.
text:What was the fight about?	labels:It was over an item he didnt return.
text:I am so sorry I know exactly how you feel I was in a situation like that one time in my life.	labels:really? what did you do?
text:What I did is to avoid us fighting I sat down and we had a conversation to solve a problem.	labels:so you think I should talk it over with my friend?
text:I believe that is the best way to handle the situation instead of fighting.	labels:I see, I will talk to him. how should I start it off?
text:you should approach him with a calm voice.	labels:Ok I'll take that into consideration.
text:do not let the situation get the best of you. You should handle the situation in a appropriate manner.	labels:He can be aggressive at times.
text:I can most definitly understand when he becomes aggressive just leave the situation alone and let him calm down.	labels:that is great advice I think I'm ready to talk to him.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you doing today?	labels:Not so great - found out i'm losing my job in january.
text:On no I am sorry to hear that! I know that must be tough.	labels:Yes I'm not even sure what steps to take right now.
text:Yea that can be difficult. Have you started looking for something else?	labels:Not yet, I'm not even sure where to begin.  I have not looked for a job in 20 years.
text:You could try looking online there are a few websites that you could put a resume on and maybe find something that way.	labels:I've tried calling the unemployment office to get some ideas but they do not answer their phones.
text:Or you could look for some side jobs like cleaning or organizing things until you find something more permanent..	labels:Yeah, i'm kinda old for that - LOL!!!  My back would not hold up to that - and my salary wouldn't be comparable.
text:Yea it seems to be hard to get up with a lot of places at this time. Persistent is the key.	labels:Well I hear that their  offices are closed and you have to do everything online - so not sure if they can even help me.
text:Yes i understand right now is a very bad time to find anything with so many places closed.. Do you have any family or friends to reach out to for help if needed?	labels:I think I might be able to call my friend, but she's in another state.
text:Have you gave any thought to babysitting or are there any crafts you are good at making that maybe you could try to sell?	labels:That would not be enough money.  I would not be able to pay my bills.
text:I understand your concern there but it could help pay some as to help you not to get to far behind until you find something.	labels:that's true but i don't want to lose my house either.
text:If i were you i would call your friend maybe she has some suggestions of things you could do based off of your skills.	labels:she may be able to help - she could at least send me in the right direction of where to look and maybe how to freshen up my resume.
text:Yea and if not it wont have hurt to talk to her about it and all of the worry off your mind.	labels:that is true - i just hate to bother her, she's got so much on her plate already.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, is there something bothering you that prompted you to send a message? Hello, are you still with me?	labels:Yes I am feeling bad about myself. I am unemployed from the Pandemic.  I decided to back to school and it is a lot harder than i anticipated. I got a scholarship and Im not working so I should be successful, right? But I feel distracted, it is online and there is a lot of writing assignments.  I feel like I dont know what they expect.
text:That sounds like a stressful situation. I have also struggled with staying focused while working from home. Have you tried making a designated study area?	labels:I am running out of money too and it isnt helping me to focus.  I thought I could be productive and do something positive during this time. I have a desk in my bedroom.  My 3 kids are in college too, LOL. I wish there were some face to face or zoom like participation classes.  I dont like independant study.
text:It sounds like you are trying very hard to change your situation during this crazy year. Is there a way to connect with other students taking the same classes? If not maybe you could initiate a zoom study/discussion group.	labels:Not really.  I was wondering that too.  We have assignment where we "post" and "respond" to some topic or other.  Yeah I think that is a good idea. I like that idea, i think i will ask my kids how to set that up.
text:I wish you much luck in your continuing education. I know that you can find a way to connect with other students and succeed!	labels:Thank you for your understanding, it is good to bounce things off someone else. Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello!.	labels:Okay. My friend is cheating on her husband, but the kicker is my husband and him are best friends.
text:Wow. I understand that is a difficult situation. What are your current thoughts and feelings right now?	labels:I want to tell her husband, or mine because we tell each other everything, but I dont want to make her mad.
text:I understand that you want to communicate with your loved ones but are cautious of feelings and boundaries..	labels:Because of her actions I feel like I am not being honest with my husband.
text:Have you talked to your friend about your feelings?.	labels:Yes, she said its girl code.
text:I understand that being honest is important. I always feel the need to share with my husband. Do you think this information will do more harm than good if shared?	labels:Both. Her husband is a great guy and no one deserves to be treated like this. Her and I have been friends for more than 20 yrs.
text:It is not easy to be put in a place where you feel you need to choose between two people. Do you think girl code or the husband-wife code is more important? What do you value most, holding a secret or honesty?.	labels:Honesty, always..
text:I agree with you. With that said, you trust your values and where they lie..	labels:You are right. I just needed someone to confirm it with me. I would want someone to tell me if my husband was stepping out. And I can make new friends.
text:I think one step I would take if i was you would be to discuss the issue with your friend. I would tell her that as a friend, she should value your values. I would tell her the distress you feel..	labels:You are right, but I think I will talk to my husband first.
text:I think that is okay. I would do the same. I would also maybe explain why you were hesitant as well and the challenge the situation presented fro you..	labels:I think he will understand. I hope by  talking to him we can both talk to her.
text:Is she also friends with your husband?	labels:Yes. We all went to school together.
text:Okay. Working with your husband as a team and approaching her as a friend, would be how i would take action..	labels:Thank you for the help.	episode_done:True
text:Hope all is well.	labels:well, i'm losing my job in january so that is freaking me out.
text:I can understand your feelings but I am sure there is a way out.	labels:I've not looked for a job in 20 years!
text:I was also in same situation and can fully understand how you feel but trust me you will enjoy once you start looking for job.	labels:I've got to do a new resume and then figure out how people even apply these days.
text:Trust me it is easy these days to update resume as many templates available online and applying for job is easy as well. Many online options are available and you get a quick response.	labels:I've tried to get in touch with the unemployment office but they do not answer phones lately.
text:Need not to worry about it. You can use search engine and just type the job matching your profile and apply online. Trust me you will be surprised to see many options.	labels:Well it is freaking me out - I will not be able to pay my bills if I don't have a job.
text:I was exactly in same situations and can fully understand but trying all your options to look for job is good - apply online, call friends or family and see if they have openings where they work, look work online if you get any temporary work which can enable you to pay bills till you find better job.	labels:I'm willing to do temp work, etc.. I just have to make enough $ to pay the main bills like mortgage, etc.. it makes me so afraid that I won't be able to do t hat.
text:I am sure you will be able to manage all this and it is just temporary feeling you have.	labels:7 i'm very upset that we are even losing our jobs.
text:No need to upset as it part of life. Call your best friend and discuss your feeling and I am sure you will feel good.	labels:She's just been through this looking for a job thing so she should have some great answers and places to help me maybe.
text:Excellent!! - I am sure she will have very good suggestion and will be great support for you. It is always good to talk to people you are close.	labels:that is true!
text:You can always share and contact me if you need any help. I will be happy to help. Take care.	labels:ok thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm pretty much down. trying to keep my head afloat.
text:im sorry to hear that. Would you care to talk about what is bothering you?	labels:I lost my job some months back and it hasn't really been easy for me.
text:I am sorry to hear that, loss of income can be very stressful. Have you been looking for work since then?	labels:Sometimes when I enter a place where my friends are, they tend to go silent when I enter the room. Yes. Its been months now and nothing yet.
text:Why do you think it is that they go silent?	labels:I'm pretty sure they were talking about me. 2 of myy friends have been helping me with rent money. and I'm pretty sure they must be fed up.
text:Have you tried picking up odd jobs maybe cleaning for someone or helping them move or organize there things?	labels:Yes I have. That's what helps with feeding and getting some little things at home.
text:Have you asked them if this is causing problems?	labels:and sometimes I pay back little of what they loan me since I know I cant pay all of it.
text:Maybe you could offer to do some things for them in return for the money so its not like they are just giving it to you.	labels:I've playfully asked why did they all go silent when I walked in, but they try changing the topic to something else. I babysit sometimes.
text:I would let them know that i notice it happening and it is starting to concern you and if it is the problem you would gladly do some things for them to earn it rather them just giving it to you to help out.	labels:It's not as easy as you say it. I feel I'm no longer needed. like an outcast.
text:I am sure if it was a major problem when you brought it up one of them would have spoke up, I would try not to worry to much over that and focus more on finding a job.	labels:Okay. Thanks.
text:Sometimes when i have to much free time on my hands i start to feel the same but when i find away to fill the time i no longer feel useless. No problem, I hope you feel better soon!	labels:I hope so too.. Cause at this point, I think I'm going to lose it.	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:Trying to keep a positive mindset.
text:That is good.  Is everthing ok?	labels:Not at all. I can't seem to get a job. I worry all day.
text:So your having a hard time fiding a job.  I'm sure something will come up.	labels:I'm depressed. I refuse taking medications. But I find it hard to sleep. I had same belief, its been months now and nothing yet.
text:Times are hard for many right now.  You are not alone.  I myself lost a job not long again and it took me awhile to find a new one.	labels:How did you go about it? What did you do before getting a job?
text:Well, I just keep appling and applying.  I got down but keep at it.  In the meantime I did some work for UBER, INSTACART, etc.	labels:I wish I could do that. But I don't have a car I can't afford insurance for now.
text:There are other options.  There is dog walking, house sitting, handy man work, etc?  I'm sure you are good at things like that.	labels:I do dog walking, babysitting. But as you know that really can't help with the bills.
text:No, but you never know who you are going to meat.  The more people you work for, the more contacts, etc you have. .	labels:You're right. But I like to believe in what I actually see not what I think might happen. I'll keep applying for other jobs. I really need to get something better soon.
text:Sometimes, you just have to have hope.  I know you will find a job.  You will find something better.	labels:Thanks for your kind words. I'll keep applying. Hopefully something good comes my way.
text:You are welcome.  I truly believe in you and what I say.  You are not alone in this.  So many are struggling right now.	labels:I know there are others in similar situation, but knowing that doesn't really help. Thanks for the talk.	episode_done:True
text:hello. i wonder if there is anyone there...\nHi! I am here. How are you today?	labels:not great.  how are you.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that.. What is wrong?	labels:just blue.  not anything in particular. this time of year the days get so short... the darkness comes early.  and it makes me blue.
text:definitely. The short days make it so hard to smile. Your body needs sun. There are ways to cheer yourself up though!	labels:staring a a computer all day is probably not one of the ways... what makes you smile. the crack of the top of a creme brule? the smell of autumn leaves?
text:Oh definitely doesn't help but I understand. Working on a computer all day is really hard . I do that too. I try to get myself away from the computer for at least a hour to do something i enjoy. What do you enjoy?	labels:the sound of a trumpet in the distance ... being surprised and delighted by a smell from my childhood... these are rare things.
text:That's true but there have to be every day things that you could enjoy. Do you enjoy any exercises?	labels:hmm.
text:Exercise is a great way to release endorphins which very much makes you happier..	labels:i like to take walks.  but my pace is fairly slow. im not one for chin ups or pick up basketball or things like that.
text:That's okay!!! you should try to take a 30 minute walk every day. That's actually what i do to stay sane..	labels:i frequently walk for hours... with no where to go...
text:You don't need a destination. Does walking help you at all? What about connecting with otehr people ?.	labels:umm... deadly pandemic... i don;t get near other people...
text:What about virtually? I've been quarantined because I live with someone immunocompromised  but I try to have phone or video calls with people regularly..	labels:what do you do on your video calls? just look at each other and talk about being at home?
text:We talk, there are also online games you can play with other people. We cooked together last week and made cocktails..	labels:that sounds nice. i think we have hit our 15 minutes.  Thank you - you seem nice.	episode_done:True
text:Yes. hi.\nHello! How are you?	labels:fine what about you.
text:I'm doing great, thank you for asking! Is there anything you would like to talk about today? How was your week?	labels:nice currently what doing.
text:I'm currently at home, relaxing. Thank you for asking! Did you have a relaxing day today?	labels:Yes, i'm stressed but my pets are given relaxation for me. do you have a pet ?
text:It sounds like you have had a stressful time! Would you be able to tell me what is causing you to feel that way?. Yes, pets are proven to expand your lifespan!	labels:Relaxation and play do my pets.
text:Would you be able to tell me what is causing you to feel stressed?	labels:I'm pet lover like mostly Dog. I'm having Husky. Yes. I'm fight with my friends some bad conversation started in between.
text:It sounds like you and your friends had an argument. This sometimes happens between friends who are very close with each other! When I had an argument with my friend, we both knew it was because we cared deeply for each other. I'm sure you are a very loyal and honest friend who just feels comfortable enough to disagree with your other friends!	labels:Yes. Some movie talks going on starts with and then going to personal think touch my ego. again going to talk normal only but my mind is not support to talk.
text:That is a great idea, and it shows how mature you are! Sometimes, it is a good idea to move on and continue to communicate normally..	labels:yes nice conversation to you very nice to talk to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:I am not good. I had a hard time this day.
text:I am so sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about what is troubling you?	labels:I had broke up the relationship with my partner.
text:I am sorry to hear that, break ups can be very stressful.	labels:Yes, it is. I tried a lot to forget about that. But I couldn't.
text:Do you currently have any hobbies or do any self care?	labels:Yes. I would love to watch movies.
text:Have you tried sitting down to watch a good movie with a snack to take your mind off of it, that usually helps me.	labels:I tried it. But I couldn't concentrate on it.
text:you could try going for a walk or mediating, they are great ways to clear your head.	labels:Yes. Thank you for your suggestion. While walking I feel little better.
text:I enjoy nice long walks in nature it is so peaceful, i am sure if you did that you would feel a little better.	labels:Yes. I do think so. I should do that.
text:Do you have any friends that you have tried talking to about how you are feeling?	labels:No. Actually I am really shy to talk with friends. If they started, I can continue the speech. Otherwise I am not comfortable to talk with anyone. Because of this I don't have so many friends. However my partner is my best friend.
text:I understand that completely being shy person myself. I would try going on that walk and then coming back and taking a shower then trying to watch a movie with a snack again it may really help to clear your mind.	labels:I will follow your suggestion. Thanks a lot.
text:You are so welcome! I hope you start to feel better soon.	labels:Yes. I do believe it too. Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how's your day going?\nHello. Im doing good. How are you doing? Hello. Im doing good. How are you doing?	labels:Not so good unfortunately.
text:Why. Can you talknto me about it?	labels:Due to this pandemic, I am fearful for my job security and future in general.
text:I can understand how are you feeling. Its not that easy going through this pandemic.	labels:There is currently a lock down in my area. It seems like things are getting worse. My anxiety is high.
text:I know how are you feeling. Im kind of going in the same situation. But you have to keep calm. You have to look things at this way, maybe this is an opportunity to socialize more with your love ones and start learning new things at home. I believe God put us in this situation to appreciate more our surroundings.	labels:I doubt it will get better, but thanks for the positive vibes.
text:Have you ever try to talk to your love one at home? Or maybe take time to communicate more with your friends?	labels:No, but I've been taking medication for my depression. Any suggestion on activities to help me past time?
text:Well i dont know when this is going to end but if we let this isolation win the we are going to get worse. So I would recommend to share time with your love one and clear your mind and take out all the negative things away. Right now Im talking a lot with my brother and me and him never get along. So this is a huge step.	labels:That is great to hear. I wish I had someone I can talk to. Now I feel even more depressed.
text:Another thing i can recomend is try to read some books. That will help. I dont like reading but Im doing it and sometimes by doing it relaxed me and get me to another place.	labels:What kind of book genres do you recommend?
text:Well, I love fictions and mystery. Right now I just finished "The Davinci Code"..	labels:Oh, I will definitely check that one out. Any suggestion on tv shows?
text:I dont want to sound like a Christian fanatic or something like that but the Bible helps too. Ever since this pandemic started I started read it and It helped me a lot.	labels:Good to hear..	episode_done:True
text:Hi. how are we doing tonight?\nI'm doing well. How are things with you?	labels:Not so good unfortunately.
text:Would you like to talk about it?	labels:This pandemic, how it has affect my life. I feel very stressed out for my future.
text:I understand how you are feeling. The pandemic has led to many challenges and it's hard. Is there anyone that you are close to that you can talk to about your stress and future?	labels:No, not really. Though, I am taking medication for my depression..
text:Has it been helping? Are you doing any other activities that you enjoy doing?	labels:I would say it's been helping. Not much just reading to past the time..
text:How are the books that you've been reading?	labels:Not really that interesting, just to past the time. Any suggestions to past the time?
text:Well, you did mention how you're stressed about your future. Do you have any goals or plans that you have been wanting to achieve or accomplish?	labels:Current no. I am just trying to get by. Fear that I'll lose my job.
text:Yeah, it's a rough time for everyone I feel like. Maybe you can consider talking to your co-workers and talk about how you've been feeling?	labels:Well half of them are already fired. Fear I'll be going next.
text:I was feeling really stressed as well. What I found that helped me was just meditating and thinking about the good things in my life. It made me feel more relaxed.	labels:Thanks for the positive vibes. I fear that the economy will get worse. My anxiety is kicking in.
text:Could you try taking a couple of deep breaths? Doing that and practicing mindfulness can be helpful in calming people down.	labels:Ok. I will definitely try that.	episode_done:True
text:hi what seems to be the problem.	labels:i don't have job and i am unble to concentrate for job trails.
text:it sounds like lack of employment has you down. Have you tried looking online or updating your resume. Indeed is a good place to start.	labels:yes. too much competition and that too i am pregnant so i scaring wehter i got job or not.
text:I wouldn't get to down on yourself. It can sometimes take up to 5 months according to data..	labels:yes i updated resume but my old company is not interested to give my experience letter.
text:Ahh that is indeed frustrating. Do you have any friends or family that may serve as a reference for you?	labels:yes i have , but i scaring to ask them . i never depend on any body since my childhood.
text:Depending on people is not a sign of weakness so don't hesitate ask for help. Connections unfortunately lead to many opportunities in life.	labels:yea then will do .may  be they may help  but i need to prepare much.
text:So I would  suggest updating the resume, submitting at least 3 applications a day, finding some  references, performing volunteer work  to build your resume, lastly perhaps start up a new hobby or develop your skills in your free time..	labels:i don'y have time to prepare and baby inside is kicking . yea i need to improve my skills and need to update resume with good updates. but wehter can i manage or not with baby.
text:Sounds like you have a plan, good work.	labels:yea , but how can i manage is the problem.
text:spend less time on activities that are not important. For example instead of doing minimum work on mturk you could be better preparing.	labels:wow nice idea . may be i will write down where i am wasting time and will read. please help me any another ideas.
text:that is a great idea and will get you off to a great start. I think that's about all I have to offer you unfortunately.	labels:ok thank you for support !!.
text:no problem you can do it!	labels:yea .thinking more about my pregnancy so will reduce. i have issues with pregnency so i am unble to concentrate on work and preparation. do u know any doctor to help me out.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHey, how are you today? Anything on your mind?	labels:I'm OK. Just dealing with a lot of unknowns.
text:Yeah? Can you tell me a bit about these known unknowns?	labels:I work for cruise industry and it's been a bit tough since whole COVID situation started.
text:Ah man, thats pretty unlucky isn't it, I'm in the same situation, but I think yours is a bit worse.	labels:Yes, I'm just always worried that I can loose my job.
text:Hey, I feel you there on the anxiety, you'll definitely get through this.	labels:It's just constantly to many unknowns, and it feels like it's not even getting better.
text:Thats what anxiety is all about, the best you can do is figure out how to address those unknowns.	labels:But how do I address them, how would I deal with this?
text:I lost my job, started coding, doing odd-jobs, and learning survival skills. That is how I prepared for my unknowns.	labels:That sound great, just need to look for a back up plan.
text:Doesn't hurt to be prepared for anything, even the worst case scenarios! Don't sweat what other people think about you, its your life.	labels:I guess it's a good time to start looking into creating a plan.
text:It is a good idea, who knows how the future is going to go for everybody honestly.	labels:Yes, I agree. It's always great to have back up plan in case something does not go the way we expect it.
text:Got any good ideas?	labels:Mturk! LOL. Not sure if I can make tons of money, but can be extra income to help out.
text:Mturk definitely helps! But don't put all your irons in one fire. Keep branching out!	labels:Thanks for your suggestions and ideas. I appreciate your support.
text:No problem man, anything else on your mind?	labels:No, I think that I'm good. Have a great night.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:good evening .How are you .Thanks for sending message to support me from depression.
text:No problem, what seems to be causing your depression tonight?	labels:i breakup with my childhood lover.
text:So if I understand correctly you just recently went through a breakup with a longtime partner?	labels:yes. we are more than lovers .we grown up each other since 11 years .
text:From our short chat so far I can tell you are really heartbroken about this break up.	labels:thats hurting me lot .why he loves another girl with lot of money.
text:I know how hard this is, but I also know you can get through it!	labels:yes. i working in good company and earning nice pay , but still he cheated me . but how can i overcome this ? my heart is not yet all agree for this.
text:I recently went through the same kind of break up where my fiancé cheated on me and got pregnant with another man, so I know how much this hurts. Have you been able to talk to him about why he decided to leave you? Sometimes it helps to get closure on a situation like this,	labels:is it ? how did u overcome from this. yes i spoken , he saying he need more money  which i have not much .only money he left me.
text:So what you are saying is that the only reason he left you was because you were not financially stable enough for him.	labels:yes. what ever i earning every month i sent to him .he sold my house too and enjoyed that money as well.
text:You seem like a really great person for doing all of that for him and you definitely deserve someone who is in it for much more than just money!	labels:but i am not in mood to trust anybody because i loved him since 15 years.
text:Have you been able to talk to any of your close friends or family about the situation? Sometimes it helps to talk to someone close to you about things like this.	labels:i told to my mom , she said we already knew that he is a money minded .So take lite and move forthuer.
text:That sounds like really great advice from your mother! I also found it helped me a lot when going through my situation to get really involved in my hobbies to take my mind off things.	labels:yea , my parents always supported me .I would have listened their voices earlier.
text:It is great to have supportive parents!	labels:yes will start my reading habit  may it willbe helped me lot.
text:Good idea.	labels:thank you for ur time and support.	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:Feeling down.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what's got you down?	labels:I live in a more rural area that has moved into our highest risk tier for Covid. They just seem to be making all the wrong choices amongst our local schools and other agencies.
text:I can relate to being in a rural area being hit right now. What are the wrong choices that they're making?	labels:The middle school is still in person 100% of the time. There have been >30 cases, most in the last 3 weeks, and they keep sending letters home stating that they don't believe the kids are getting sick in school. It's infuriating. So, I get mad, then I get anxious, then I get down...
text:It's such a hard time right now, knowing what is the right thing to do. Does your district offer any virtual options?	labels:They do. It's a pretty poor one though. I'm looking at charter options right now. They only offer ELA, Math, Science, and SS through the public virtual option.. The kid I'm concerned about is taking math 3 grades ahead and high school spanish. I do not think their program is in her best interest, so I'm focusing on the charter option, but it takes time :(
text:That's frustrating, obviously you want what's best for your kid and it's going to take time.	labels:It does. Like you said, crazy time for everyone.
text:I think the important thing to remember is that we're all going through similar things. Which probably increases our anxiety because we don't have any good way to express our frustrations since everyone else is in the same or worse position.	labels:True, true. It does help to focus on how you can help, especially if you find people in worse positions.
text:While we're busy worrying about things like education and jobs, I like to look for the little messages of hope and empathy that we'[re seeing through all of this as well. It's a good teaching moment for our kids and showing how to collectively work to take care of one another.	labels:I like that. I especially like the idea of involving the kids.
text:Just think of all of the ways our kids are learning to adapt to different life situations as well. That's worth just as much as their formal education. Your concerns are valid, and hopefully finding another safer school works out and this whole thing is over soon.	labels:I have been trying to do projects at home I normally wouldn't to try to help everyone fill time. Things like creating websites, art projects, and such. Those skills will help tremendously.
text:That's a great idea, helping fill time with things to distract is a good way to relieve stress as well.	labels:So, I guess I'll just keep doing what I can and try to stay away from media and the state's tracking site. I had been doing this, but the announcement for the new tier came from the school!
text:What region are you in? We're midwest and watching the news is not the best way to lighten the day.	labels:Midwest. Not the worst place to be, although we supposedly hit some statistic that no other state has yet, so we may be heading that direction.
text:Well my suggestion is to turn off the news.	labels:Consider it done, lol! I'm gonna log out now, but you did give me a couple points to consider that would be better than dwelling on the hopelessness. Stay safe where you are.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, how can I help you today?	labels:This pandemic is causing me a lot of anxiety and stress.
text:Is there anything that's specifically causing the stress? Probably some big changes?	labels:My job safety, financial situation, get evicted and much more.
text:It sounds like you're facing some potential instability which can definitely increase anxiety. What strategies have you been trying so far?	labels:None so far. I have no idea. Any suggestions?
text:For the short term, have you tried looking in to meditation or breathing exercises? For a longer approach, have you thought about gaining some new skills for the job market?	labels:Oh ok. That is helpful. I've been reading to past the time.
text:Sounds like reading might be a good way to get your mind out of the anxiety loop, does that sound right?	labels:Yes, sometimes..
text:That's great! Maybe you can take that a step further and read some material on mindfulness.	labels:Not my type of books, but I'll definitely look into it. Job stability is also a concern for me. I definitely fear for my future if I lose my job.
text:So, you don't feel like you have a secure spot right now, is that right?	labels:That is correct.
text:Can you tell me what your job is?	labels:I work for an insurance company. Low level employee.
text:Ok, have there been any talks about layoffs? Or any concerns about your performance?	labels:No, but due to this pandemic, layoff is a concern.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you today?	labels:Not so well, but thanks for asking.. How are you doing?
text:I am pretty good. What is going on with you today?	labels:Well. I can of feel depressed because I haven't been able to return the happiness that my parents gave to me.. One of my dreams is to give them everything they gave me as a child but I can reach there.
text:So from what I understand you are feeling upset because you feel like you haven't given back what your parents were able to provide you>	labels:Right now is hard for me to keep a job and the economy its crazy. Exactly.
text:From the few messages we have exchanged, I can tell you are extremely upset by this,	labels:Yes i am. This is one of those days that I think about it and make me up set.
text:I myself have had issues with feeling like I haven't been able to give back to my parents what they have given me, it is a really hard situation to be in,	labels:It is because it makes you feel bad and you start being negative.
text:Those are completely normal feelings to have, but I know you can get through this!	labels:I do, Im trying to keep my head up and think positively. I know some day God will give me that little push I need to give my family the happiness they deserve.
text:Have you been able to talk to your parents about this? I think that it would help you to tell them what you are feeling..	labels:I talk to them sometimes about this they cheer me up and they know that I would give them everything if I could.
text:Have you reached out and tried to talk to a professional about this as well? I know when I was struggling with anxiety and depression I went to counseling and it helped me a lot.	labels:To be honest I haven't try it. I thought about it but I haven't try. But I should keep that in mind.
text:I think that would be a great start and I know it would make you feel better!	labels:Well, Im going to do it as soon as I can.. Thanks for texting me and giving me all those advise. It really helped.
text:Not a problem, I am glad I was able to talk to you!	labels:Me too. I hope you have a Merry Christmas and God bless you.
text:Merry Christmas and God Bless you as well. Thank you for chatting!	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how's your day going?\nHi, my day is goin well..	labels:Good to hear, not so much for me.
text:I am sorry to hear that, what is going on?	labels:I am stressed about losing my job due to this pandemic.
text:To be sure I understand correctly, you are worried you are going to lose your job because of COVID-19.	labels:Yes, that's correct.
text:I completely understand this feeling as when the pandemic began I was also extremely worried about my job security as well..	labels:My place just when into a lock down. I feel like small business will be crushed. Job stability is a big concern for me at the moment.
text:I can definitely tell through chatting with you that you are extremely anxious about the situation.	labels:Yes, indeed I am. If I were to get fired. Finding another job in this crisis would be rough.
text:What industry do you work in?	labels:Accounting. Low entry, bookkeeper.
text:Have you talked to your manager about the situation?	labels:No, my manager is very strict. I would not want to anger him. Many people felt his wraith already due to this pandemic.
text:I understand your anxiety due to this, but I know you can make it through this situation! Have you talked to friends or family members about this? I found that when I was going through my anxiety, talking to my family was very useful.	labels:No, but I've been taking medication for my anxiety..
text:I have been on anxiety medicine before and it definitely helped me as well.	labels:Good to hear, hopefully it will help me. It's only be a week since I start taking it.
text:You can definitely get through this!	labels:Thanks for the positive vibes.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Hi! I'm good, but I'm struggling with an issue with my girlfriend.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what is the issue that you're having?	labels:She's a year ahead of me in college and will be graduating in May. She's looking at jobs in the northwestern region, but I'd planned on looking at graduate schools in the south. However, we've always planned on living together after college, but my career path would be best served in the southern states. I don't know how to bring this up to her.
text:Is it crucial that you be in the South versus Northwestern region? Are you willing to lose her in order to move South?	labels:It' oops. It's not crucial, necessarily, but the population that I want to work with is more relevant along the southern border. I'm not willing to lose her, so to say, but I would like to find a compromise. I don't know what that would be though, or how to bring it up.
text:A compromise would definitely be the best and most fair for both of you. You may just need to sit down and ask some tough questions to determine where she sees things. She may be thinking the same thing you are. Without knowing where you stand on things or where your relationship is going, she may not know how to completely plan the future for herself much less the two of you.	labels:Have you ever been in a situation at all similar?
text:Somewhat but not identical. My now husband and I attended different colleges and we both agreed on a fairly selfish approach of finding our careers while dating and not letting our relationship dictate what either one of us did. No one wants to be the reason someone holds back or gives up on something they've always wanted.	labels:I don't think that's selfish, but knowing your experience is helpful in understanding your advice.
text:You don't want her to resent you for telling her you want her to move South, but that goes both ways. She needs to be willing to see your side too and you'll need to make those decisions together.	labels:I appreciate your help! I'll try to have a productive conversation with her soon.
text:Great, the sooner the better. I have a feeling you'll both be relieved when you do.	labels:I agree! I don't know if it's something she's considered, because I've expressed interest in moving to the northwest just for fun, but I've also noted that the schools I'm actually looking at are Arizona and New Mexico. I do think the field she wants to go into could be applicable in almost any state, but I'll be gentle. I don't want to lose her, so if I need to look into a different section of my field, I definitely could.
text:I'm sure she's considered it, expressing interest in both of those areas could just be that you're sending mixed messages too. So really, just talking it out is your best bet. Good luck!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how's it going?\nHi, how are you?	labels:Not so good, you?
text:I am sorry to hear that. What is going on?	labels:This pandemic has me stressed about my job stability.
text:So you are worried you may lose your job due to the pandemic, is that correct?	labels:Yes. My firm has already cut 15%. I am fearful I'll be next since I'm a low level employee.
text:It seems to me from chatting with you that you are extremely anxious about the situation.	labels:Yes, very. If I were to get fired. I have no idea what to do for my future.
text:I completely understand as I was in the same situation when the pandemic started and I wasn't sure if I was going to keep my job..	labels:Where I live, we currently have a lock down. I feel like small businesses will be forced to shut down. Economy is getting worse. My anxiety is getting worse.
text:What industry do you currently work in?	labels:Finance..
text:I know this is an extremely hard situation, but I know you can make it through it!	labels:I doubt it. But thanks for the positive vibes. Is there a lock down where you live?
text:Yes, we are currently in a lock down. Have you had a talk with your supervisor about the situation?	labels:Yes, but he can only do so much to be honest.
text:Something I used to do when I was struggling with anxiety over this was come home and play video games, which is something I really enjoy doing. Have you tried to really dive into more activities that you enjoy?	labels:I do sometimes. Which games do you recommend?
text:I play a lot of sports games, mostly racing..	labels:Oh, that's very interesting. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how's your night going?\nAll is well this evening what about you friend ?	labels:Not so good, lonely..
text:Awl so sorry to hear that. There are times in all our lives that we feel alone. This feeling will change.	labels:Thanks for the tip. I was thinking about getting a dog. Is that a good idea?
text:I think a dog is a wonderful idea. I love dogs!	labels:Do you have any pets?
text:Dogs bring so much love and support. What a great idea. This can prove to be very helpful with feelings of loneliness.. Not at the moment. I have alot of animals running around my home that I feed everyday. I mean outside critters. I did just have a jack Russell. She was the smartest dog I have ever had and I have had several. What kind of dog are you thinking of getting ?	labels:Corgi, thoughts?
text:Those use dogs are super smart as well. I think that's a great choice..	labels:Oh Ok. My city is in a lock down currently. Is yours?
text:Animals provide us with a peace and understanding that many humans cant give us. We go into lock down on Friday. Its all mental. Dont let all of this weigh you mind down. Allow your mind to remain free.	labels:Oh ok. I'll keep that in mind. Though, I feel like the economy is going to be in a downturn very soon.
text:It may be .. but we cant shut down. Now is the best time ever to love and work on ourselves. I believe its all about the way you look at situations. This is time for self care.	labels:I agree. Small businesses will be closing, sad to see.	episode_done:True
text:hi there, how are you and how can i help?	labels:hey! not too bad but like i said. im going into university and my parents want to me to do architecture. when im really into engineering. money is a large factor so-
text:i see. are your parents paying for your university?	labels:well money as in like salaries later on. tuition fees aren't an issue im in canada and all. but like architects generally make more money than mechanical engineers on average. so they don't approve my career path.
text:oh i see. so you mean that your parents would prefer you to choose the path that will eventually give you a higher salary?	labels:yeah exactly! but i don't like architecture very much, i don't find myself fond of art.
text:that is a tough situation. it's definitely not easy to go against your family's wishes, but at the same time you have to do what's best for you.	labels:well what's best for me is literally a good salary because i'd be lying if money isn't an issue. but am i going to be happy later on doing the job?
text:i went through a similar experience during my schooling, and i had to explain to my parents that i don't want to disappoint them but i still have to do what makes me happy. having a career that you hate doesn't feel good - i've been there. but there can be careers in engineering that have connections to architecture as well, such as structural engineering.	labels:yeah i agree. it's much more suitable if i could mix up the details of each career paths. but frankly i don't think my parents should be concerned with engineering either. it pays well and provides good stability. but like they said architecture suits my strengths more and i can go further with it.
text:honestly i think both are great career paths to pursue and as you said, both are stable and well-paying fields. strengths doesn't always equal happiness though, so that's a tough one. have you considered speaking with both architects and engineers to learn more about each job? that might be helpful in your decision. sometimes what we think a job does, in actuality can be totally different in real life.	labels:yeah! i went on reddit to ask students in my desired uni. and they all said that what they are doing is what you expect. architects said it's a booming business in Toronto. engineers is always in demand, but not growing.
text:ah well i commend you on taking that step and actually trying to learn about the jobs. you seem like a really smart person and you're able to see things from a logical perspective.	labels:thank you i've done the research to dispute my parents' arguments you see. but like- utimately its about how much i like it o not. *or.
text:i think what you need to do is take that same logical approach and explain calmly to your parents the path you want to take. just because they think your strengths are suited for architecture, doesnt mean you don't also have the strengths for engineering. many of the same skills are probably required for both jobs, and you're right: ultimately it is about what will make you happy. and worst case scenario: you can always change careers later if you find that you don't like what you're doing.	labels:yeah you are absolutely right. but about the careers path. not sure if you're in canada or not, but it's much harder to switch careers in canada. you pay more and it's not like in the States where you can finish your degree whenever you want right. once you paid.
text:you sound like a good student and i'm sure your parents must recognize that you're capable of great things, so if you can present to them a logical argument of why you feel engineering is a better path, hopefully they will listen..	labels:yeah that is the plan. you're been extremely helpful and im grateful for that. i don't get to share these things very often. my friends are just as busy too you see. But I'll think we can stop it here.
text:you're welcome. best of luck to you and i hope you find the right path for yourself. i commend you for opening up here and i think you'll find success.	labels:It's nice to have someone motivate me hehe thank you so much. best of luck to you too! once again thank you!
text:thanks!	labels:bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm worried.  I lost my job and I'm worried I won't get another one.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that, this has been a hard time for so many.	labels:Yes, it has been.  I just really feel lost.
text:What type of work were you doing if I can ask?	labels:Project Coordinator.
text:What field?	labels:Construction.
text:I'm so sorry. Is there any side work you can get into?	labels:Maybe.  I'm looking for work from home jobs in the meantime while looking for jobs.
text:That's a great idea, I'm glad you're looking into things to do in the meantime.	labels:I'm going to miss the people I worked with as well.
text:Unfortunately, this is such an isolating time and losing some of that contact is going to be an adjustment. I can completely understand that.	labels:Yes.  it is.  I know that we'll get through this whole thing, but in the meantime it's just so crazy making and anxiety inducing.
text:I can definitely relate to that. The amount of anxiety this has all caused is more than I could've ever imagined. The important thing is that we reach out and talk about things in order to help reset and deal with what's going on.	labels:For sure, these times are so scary.
text:We'll get through it.  You seem motivated to find a new job which is half the battle. And construction is a good field to be in, everyone needs the services you can provide. Even if temporarily this means finding different things to do to get by.	labels:Yes.  it's just being in the middle of it that's frightening. Thank you for talking to me, it's been helpful.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood Evening. How is it going this evening ?	labels:I am doing pretty well. There's a beautiful sunset out my window. How are you?
text:I am great. I love the outdoors it make you feel free and apart of something much larger than yourself..	labels:Absolutely. Since I got back from school I've had time to run around and climb trees and stuff and it makes me feel like a kid again. Are you able to see the details that I wrote at the top of the chat? I think they might only show up for me.
text:Kool beans ! I love life/outoors just in that same way.. No, I can not see what you sent initially Could you please resend it?..	labels:Oh. It asked me to describe the problem I was having. I said that I have had trouble getting over losing a friend who I thought was my best friend for years but eventually I found out he was only acting and he didn't really care about me at all. It's been about a year since he told me that, and whenever I think about it it makes me sad.. I don't know why it's so hard for me to get over it.
text:Betrayal is a hard pill to swallow. I think you brave for sharing what you have been experiencing. Thank you. We all go through similar situations in all of our lives. Its not about going through those situations it about for me what did  I learn and how will this make me better in the future..	labels:I think you're right. What do you think I can learn from it?
text:Those situation sometimes shows us there was time in that friendship where we could have been over extending ourselves. Those are the times we should have been given more love and attention to our self.  We learn how to love ourselves more we others don't reciprocate what we give them. I think it ultimately about being a better friend to you first..	labels:I think that's wise, thanks. I was definitely putting too much effort into it and I hardly noticed that he wasn't reciprocating it. I have always had a problem with that. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. Hope you have a good evening. :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I am battling with my childhood trauma that i feel is affecting my everyday life with my child and spouse. I don't know how to tell my spouse about my childhood in fear he doesn't want to be with someone with a upbringing such as mine.\nHi, thank you for chatting with me. From what I understand, you are struggling with childhood trauma and this is affecting everyday life with your child and spouse..	labels:Yes, correct. I am not sure how to tell my spouse about my childhood trauma. He wants to know. He wants to help me. But I am not sure where to begin with explaining it to him.
text:That is a really hard situation to be in, but I know that you can have that conversation with your spouse! Does he have any idea about any of the trauma you have experienced?	labels:I am worried it will effect his views on me. And he has a very rough idea of things that have happened.. he tells me he wants to know everything so he can help me move forward.. but when i try to talk about it i ramble and end up not explaining anything. I have even tried writing it down.. and nothing seems to work.
text:Just listening to you talk I can tell this is something that is making you extremely anxious.	labels:very much so.. whenever it gets brought up i free and begin to ramble and i think it makes him overwhelmed ..
text:One thing I would suggest is after writing everything down that you rehearse it for a while in front of a mirror and picture that you are talking to your husband while you are doing this.	labels:He had a very different childhood then myself. Almost complete opposite then myself. And I have tried... i cant seem to get my self to even put my past down on paper... When I have tried to i end up sending my self into a panic..
text:Have you reached out to other people or a group of people who may have experienced the same type of trauma you have?	labels:No.. i do not know many people fro my area. As soon as i was able to leave where i grew up i packed up and left. We live in a extremely rural area where there is not many new faces..
text:I have also experienced childhood trauma in my past and it was extremely hard to get through. I found talking to people who went through the same thing helped a lot.	labels:Maybe i will have to look int finding support group in my area...thank you very much!
text:After speaking with others in the same situation, I was able to convey this to my loved ones in a better way and I was much more comfortable with it,	labels:thank you for your help!
text:You are very welcome! Thank you for chatting with me today!	labels:You did a great job!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you doing today?\nI am doing pretty well. There's a beautiful sunset outside right now. How are you?	labels:Good to hear. Stressed and anxious nowadays due to this pandemic.
text:Yep. Me too. My dad just got sick and I was worried out of my mind waiting for his test results to come back. Thankfully they were negative.. Is there anything else you've been worried about?	labels:Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it works out.. Job stability is a concern of mine.
text:Are you working right now?	labels:Yes, but my firm has already cut 10%. I feel like I would be next.
text:Do you have a backup plan if you get laid off?	labels:Currently no. I am only a low level employee. This is what I am fearful of.
text:I see. Do you have anyone who would be willing to offer you support if you needed it, like your parents?	labels:Yes, but it will probably be minimal. I fear the economy will be in a downturn due to this lock down in my city..
text:It might be worth talking to them ahead of time. I'm sure they would understand. Lots of people are in a similar situation right now.	labels:Ok, that is very helpful. Is there a lock down where you live?
text:Yes. I live in California, which is kind of strict.	labels:Oh, I am from Oregon. That is understandable..
text:I'm perfectly happy to be at home, though. I'm on break from school and I have plenty of projects and stuff to work on here. I really sympathize with everyone who has to support themselves right now, though. It majorly sucks.	labels:Good to hear. Are you on holiday break?
text:Yep. I'm off for a whole two months, because my school didn't want anyone coming back after Thanksgiving.	labels:Oh ok. Well, thanks for your insights. Take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, and good evening.	labels:hi.
text:How are things going on your end?	labels:Good enough, I guess.  I'm just sad about my break up.
text:Awl, I'm sorry to hear that. We all go through those moments when we open ourselves to love others. Time will allow these feelings to pass. I found that break ups make us better in the long run. They show us what we really want and what we dont..	labels:I know, but I just can't seem to move past it, ya know?  Replaying all the good times we had together, and how much I loved him.
text:We are human we are suppose to love that is natural..	labels:you have a point.
text:I can tell that this has really affected you. It is always like that at first. .	labels:Yeah, It's still pretty sudden.  I thought we were happy together.
text:Life will get better for you each day. The healing of the heart and mind takes time but it gets better. That is why I like to keep communication open so that I wont be sprung off guard with a change in relationships..	labels:I thought we were communicating, but apparently, he was happy with somebody else, and left me to be with her.
text:Well sounds like to me he doesn't know how karma works. lol.. The universe makes ways for us to have what we ask for. A closed door is really re-routing you to where you are suppose to be.	labels:wow, youre right.  I needed that reminder.  Thank you.  I feel better already.
text:Yes, think about what you are grateful for not what you feel like you have lost. No one loses in relationships we just learn and become better people..	labels:I never thought about it like that before.
text:You will look back at this moment and laugh. We always do as women..	labels:I'm sure that's true.  I just really thought he was *the* one.  We'd been dating for a year. I guess there's just another "one" out there in the world though.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. :) How are you?	labels:I am okay. A little anxious I am feeling helpless.
text:I am sorry to hear that. What are you feeling helpless about?	labels:I am worried about upcoming bills. I lost my job.
text:I see. I would be worried about that as well. How long have you been out of work?	labels:About 2 weeks . Christmas is right around the corner. I dont know how I am going to get the kids presents.
text:Is there anyone you are able to ask for support right now, like your parents? I am sure they would understand, since so many people have been losing jobs lately.	labels:I don't have a lot if family. I have my sister who lives far away.
text:I see. And your kids are depending on you to be able to take care of them. I am so sorry; I know that must be extremely stressful. Are you married right now? If so, does your spouse have a job?	labels:Yes, my kids are older , yes I am married and he is working. He isnt easy to talk to.
text:I see. Do you mean that you are not on good terms with him?	labels:Its off and on. Some days are better than others. I think its just the weather . Its cold. Gloomy that doesn't help either.
text:Yes, I can understand that. It's been cold and gloomy over here and my whole family has been in a bad mood. It seems like a little thing, but I find that taking Vitamin D supplements when the weather is bad helps me not to get depressed.	labels:I am just ready for 2021. It has been a scary year all around. Hmm, Maybe I should try that.
text:Yep. Me too. I'm ready for all of this mess to be over.	labels:Vitamins cant hurt anyone. I just hope 2021 is better for everyone.
text:How important is it for you to be able to work right now? Does your husband make enough money to pay the bills and make sure you have somewhere to stay?	labels:Yes, it is more an independence thing. I hate having to rely on him. Our relationship is not stable..
text:I can understand that. I am sorry. Was it different when your children were younger? What has changed?	labels:Thank you for chatting with me. I think I will try the vitamin trick.	episode_done:True
text:hi there, how are you?	labels:I don't know how im gonna survive without my job.
text:can you clarify what you mean? did you lose your job?	labels:Yes. I got laid off last week. A bunch of us were.
text:i see. what type of work did you do?	labels:I was a chef in a restaurant. Since covid business went down, and now the restaraunt is closing.
text:oh i'm very sorry to hear that. but the great thing about having worked in a kitchen is that there are a lot of skills you can use in other jobs.	labels:All the restaurants are closing, and the ones open gotta duty to keep the employees they already had. Where else are my culinary skills gonna be used?
text:i understand that losing a job sucks and i can sense your frustration at the situation but there are other opportunities out there, and you don't need to be thinking only in the culinary field.	labels:All i have done is cook, my whole adult life. I dont know how to do anything else.
text:time management, resourcefulness, being able to think on your feet and manage multiple things at once are skills i'm sure you use and developed in the kitchen, and those are skills you can take anywhere.	labels:Wow!  Never thougt of it like that.  But still, i dont have a clue where those skills would be useful. All i know is the kitchen.
text:don't be so hard on yourself. I'm sure there are a lot of things you can do. of course if you want to stay in the culinary field, you might need to get creative in the short term. have you thought about finding opportunities to be a private chef? or maybe even make pre-made meals to sell for people who don't want to or dont have time to cook for themselves? another thing you might try is an online cooking lesson or something. with more people staying home and eating in, they might be interested in learning how to cook better food for themselves.	labels:You know what, i have never thought of that.  Those are actually good suggestions.  But im not sure if i am discipline enough to run that business on my own.  I cook, and thats about it.  The business part i've always had someone else doing that.  I dont know if i know how to even set that stuff up.
text:that sounds like an opportunity in itself to me. i'm sure there are tons of people out there that have the business stuff but don't have the cooking skills. you could find a partner to help, and that way you won't have to do everything alone.	labels:I dont know many people. i keep to myself. Dont know how i would find someone for the business side. your ideas sound great, but they may be out of my league.  I dont know if i am capable of doing my own business.
text:i totally get it, but especially now, there are a lot of opportunities for people who like to keep to themselves, since so many businesses are being forced to go online. you could put an ad on craigslist or facebook for people who might be interested. give yourself a little more credit. you put yourself out there enough to come on here for advice. that's pretty good self-awareness and more than i can say for some other people i know.	labels:Wow! you have great suggestions.  Thank you so much for your ideas.  I think i may give it a go.  You have made me feel better about my situation, and gave me some action items to tackle.  thank you for this conversation.
text:you're very welcome, i'm happy to help and glad you feel better! Best of luck to you!	labels:Have a great night wise one.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:I'm doing okay I suppose. I could be much better.
text:How are you feeling? Is there anything the matter?	labels:I am feeling really down today.  My fiance was cheating on me and everything has pretty much crumbled all around me..
text:Oh my I'm so sorry that happened to you. I can't completely relate, but my parents are going through something very similar after 25 years of marriage. Tell me more about it.	labels:I'm glad you haven't and so sorry to hear about them. We have been together for 13 years and have an 11 year old.  He has been dating someone for nearly two years and i had no clue.  I am so embarrassed and feel so stupid. .
text:I am so sorry. Does your child know? I have a 10 year old and she is struggling with my parents, we lived with them for the first 2 years of her life and have always been 15 minutes away since. I completely understand why you feel the way you do that is to be expected. You are not stupid and I'm sure its not you. Have you spoken to your fiance about this since you found out?.	labels:He is somewhat aware that something is going on but not quite sure what.  One of us will be moving out so it will need to be explained to him soon.  We have talked and he just denies everything.  He told me I'm crazy and they are just "friends. I would love to believe that but unfortunately I know that isn't true.  I'm just overwhelmed with so may questions that he is not answering.
text:I'm so sorry. From personal experience, my best advice is to be as direct as possible. Demand respect and answers that you deserve after 13 years.. If he will not answer your questions, thats all the answers you need. How did you find out? I can't even imagine how you feel. Clarity and answers are so important right now for you... no matter if it is true or not. That is a long time to be with someone.	labels:That is great advice! It's very hard to stand up for yourself sometimes especially when you are emotionally devastated. I visited him unannounced at work one day and they were having lunch together.  I had no idea who she was and she got up and ran off.  Upon further investigation, I checked phone records, receipts, any other thing I could find and all the evidence was there. two hour conversations, gifts from women's stores that weren't given to me..
text:Oh my gosh. There's all the answers you need right there. I'm so sorry. He wont even speak to you about it? No excuses anything? Have you told family?	labels:I haven't told anyone yet.  He just denies everything or has the perfect excuse for whatever I bring up.  I have confronted her as well via text. She states she doesn't even know who he is.  Really? So yeah.  I just want to grieve it and be over with it. I think just talking about it had helped a lot. .
text:You must express this in some way to let this out. It's not healthy to let your anger bottle up. I'm sure you're angry, rightfully so... do you have any hobbies to occupy your mind until you get things sorted?	labels:I workout every day so that has helped keep my mind somewhat focused after work. .
text:That's awesome. Working out can release so much stress. I hope things work out so you can get some sort of closure..	labels:Thank you I really appreciate all of your help!
text:You're welcome. I wish you the best of luck. Try to stay positive. It sounds like you are handling this the best you can.	labels:Thanks and well wishes you and your family as well!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi. how are you? how it's going on?	labels:I've been felling quite deppressed recently, just wanted to ask for some mental support.
text:why are you feeling in that way? tell me what it's happening?	labels:I both failed my final exam last week and my dog that I've owned for 10 years died 3 days ago.
text:oh my god! I'm so sorry for that. why do you failed your exam? did you study and prepared well?	labels:honestly I think I did not study enough that's why  I am blaming myself so much.
text:What happen with your dog? it was sick?.	labels:It was from the old age I think. Nothing to be done there.
text:He or she were with you for a long time. you should remember him/her many times per day:( I know how are you feeling now.	labels:Yes I think about her many times per day. thanks for understanding. I was just thinking how can I help myself to move on.
text:are you there?	labels:yes.
text:I can help you!	labels:I would love some advice :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can I help you today?	labels:I'm having a hard time each day, but today especially. I keep having anxiety attacks that come on suddenly and intensely.
text:I understand you keep experiencing anxiety attacks. Is there any common cause for the attacks?	labels:None that I have figured out yet, they just seem to come on out of nowhere.
text:Is there any specific stimuli that takes place just before or within an hour prior to the attacks?	labels:Any stimulation triggers me really, a lot of noise, lights, but mostly my thoughts are very loud.
text:You are not alone, a lot of people experience anxiety attacks due to physical stimuli. Have you looked into mindfulness exercises or meditation?	labels:I feel so alone though, it doesn't bring me any comfort to know that other people have them. yes, and they do help, but there are days that it doesn't matter what I do, and today is one of them.
text:I have experienced Anxiety myself and meditation helped me for the most part, I also found that I wasn't sleeping enough and being tired made my attacks longer. Are you sleeping okay at night?	labels:I'm getting plenty of sleep, and I do practice meditation, maybe not as often as I should, I meditate five minutes per day.
text:I would suggest trying Mindfulness exercises for at least 15 minutes every day and see if that helps.	labels:I'll see if that helps, I'm really low on energy right now because it just takes so much out of me.
text:I understand, Sometimes the Mindfulness exercises help me get more productive sleep.	labels:I try to do mindfulness before bed, but I'm always too tired. I think it would be better if I did them in the afternoon at some point, did you use guided meditation?
text:I did, ASMR guidance seems to help me most, but I happen to be ASMR sensative, perhaps you are as well? They seem to help with my anxiety as well.	labels:Are those the videos on youtube where the sound is enhanced? Those are soothing.
text:Yes, Kind of like whispers, almost like Bob Ross on those old painting videos.	labels:Just talking about my anxiety has helped a lot actually, and I do enjoy bob ross, hadn't thought of that as therapeutic but it makes sense.
text:I am glad I could be helpful.	labels:Yes, thank you for your help. Take care now!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. You there buddy? I would appreciate your help if you're there.\nHey is everything okay?	labels:No, not really. How about you?
text:Can you tell me what is bothering you? I have many times in holidays past felt like you and I always find it best to talk it out.	labels:Due to this pandemic, I am fearful for my job and financial situation..
text:Yeah it is a difficult time and understandable to be worried about financial stability. a. Are you worried you may lose your job? I lost mine during the peak of the 2008 financial crisis and went through a similar struggle.	labels:Yea, this is causing me a lot of stress. My firm has cut 10% already. I feel like I might be next.
text:It may be a stressful situation, but it may be best to update your resume and begin to check out other job listings. You want to hope everything works out, but you do not want to be blindsided..	labels:Ok. Thanks for the helpful tips. The lock down in my city is also causing my stress. Is there a lock down where you live?
text:Yes the lockdown has been difficult. It has been tough for me too. I live in a city with a lot of parks and nature trails and it has been very beneficial to get out when I can. Do you have a similar situation?	labels:I would so say. I live in Oregon, so there are many parks..
text:Fresh air is always a great way to get your mind off the difficult situations we all face in life..	labels:Good to know. When do you think things will go back to normal?
text:I am thinking things will slowly begin to get better toward the beginning of spring and by the end of the next year things should be close to normal. Has anything else been bothering you?	labels:Just the pandemic, work and financial situation. I was thinking about getting a dog, is that a good or bad idea during this pandemic?
text:Yeah it is a tough time, but we will all make it through. Just stay safe and keep in mind that this is only temporary and there is an end to all of this right around the corner.	labels:What's your thoughts on the economy going forward?
text:I think that is a great idea. It will be a perfect time to get him/her trained and you can get some bonding in with the dog as well!	labels:Thanks. I was thinking the same. Thanks again for everything.	episode_done:True
text:Im so depressed.\nI am really sorry to hear that..	labels:It just wont end.
text:What is making things so hard?	labels:Now Im in quaritine again cant leave the house. I dont have anyone to tak to.
text:I definitely understand that. I also have been having a hard time in quarantine..	labels:Plus my work hours have been cut.
text:Do you have people you can talk to digitally? Friends, family?	labels:I have family but they live on the west coast im on the eastcoast.
text:I get that. It can be really frustrating when you feel alone and like you've got no one to talk to. Especially when 2020 seems to be dumping things on you.. What have you been doing to pass the time? Is there anything that you've found that makes you feel better?.	labels:So my money is now running low and rent is coming due. I like to read.
text:That can be handy!.	labels:I like to walk on the beach.
text:Is that something you can do with regularity? Getting out and walking? I know that I've had good luck battling my depression by just finding ways to not be at home. Hiking, going for walks, going for drives....	labels:Yes I live on the beach but its so cold right now I cant even do that. I feal so isolated. Im going to do that tomorrow.
text:Good! It's hard to start, but it's a good way to start. How far do you plan on going?	labels:Im going to bundle up and go to the beach. Probably walk down to the pier 1 mile.
text:That will be good. Make sure you can take some time and really appreciate not being in the house.. Is there any music or podcats you can listen to while out?	labels:Thats good advice, Im feeling a little better. I can take my iphone for music.
text:I am glad. Practicing mindfulness can really help, and help put things in perspective. Often times we build things up to be even worse than they already are. Being able to be grateful for what's around can help, without diminishing the issues that you are facing..	labels:Thats good advice, thanks I think you helped me.
text:Remembering that it's okay to be sad and depressed, as much as it sucks, can be helpful in reframing. It's a rough time for everyone and you definitely are not alone..	labels:Thats true, it just seems like I am alone cause well I am lol.
text:I absolutely get it. I work from home right now so it's just me all day. Sometimes, I literally only talk to my cats. I am a crazy cat lady..	labels:Cats are cool.
text:I had a whole cry and freak out moment when part 2 of quarantine hit recently. I wholeheartedly understand.. Do you have any pets?	labels:I have a Russian Blue cat ssmart very smart cat.
text:Smart cats are the best. They know when you need cuddles, which it sounds like you do! Also means you aren't alone. ;) Cat needs ya! As much as they don't want to admit it..	labels:He's my buddy for sure.  Makes me happy to think of him.
text:If you are healthy/feel comfortable with going out, you could consider volunteering at an animal shelter. You'd get to interact with some folks, some animals, and add something to the resume. I don't know if you are likely to get hours back at work or what you do, but that could be fun!.	labels:Thats a good idea I'll look into it.  Well we better wrap this hit up?
text:I believe it needs to be a minimum of 20 minutes and we are at 17 right now.. For the max that is, lol..	labels:Oh sorry thought it was 15 minutes. So where are you at?
text:West Coast of all things! WA st, so lots of hiking for me. It's been helping so much..	labels:I moved from Renton to here in Myrtle Beach SC.
text:Oh hey! So all of your family is here then. What prompted the move?	labels:Got real tired of the weather and people there. Everyone friendly here and actually talk to one another.
text:Ha. I believe that. I was born and raised in Puyallup, so it's all I know. i couldn't ever think of leaving.. Welp, thanks for the conversation, I hope I helped. Cuddle the cat, enjoy the beach, and remember this is all temporary!.	labels:Have you ever left the state.
text:lol, I have..	labels:k bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi hows it going.
text:I am alright, how could I help you?	labels:I just need advice on if should try to get this girl i really loved back or not.
text:Sounds like you are facing a tough choice.	labels:Yes I am. She has told me she still has feelings for me as well, so I know she feels the same way.
text:Do you feel that this girl would make you happy if you were to get back toggether.	labels:Yes I do.. she always made me happy.
text:I also was in a similar situation recently and getting back toggether was probably the best choice. From what you have said earlier maybe it would be good for you to try to get her back.	labels:Yes that is what I am thinking as well. I should probably call her soon. Either today or tomorrow.
text:It might be challenging to make a first step, but I bellieve that in the end you will be happy you did this.	labels:I think you are right, thank you for your help today.
text:I wish you the best. Is there anything else I could help you with?	labels:No I think that will be all for today. Thanks again, have a good night.
text:Okay, goodbye :))	labels:Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:hi, how are you and how can i help?	labels:Hi I'm experiencing a lot of anxiety and depression because of constant severe back pain.
text:when did this start?	labels:About eight years ago.
text:i see. have you sought out any medical help with the back pain?	labels:Yes, I was supposed to have surgery for it, but it has been cancelled because the hospitals are full due to the coronavirus.
text:yeah, this pandemic has thrown a wrench into many people's plans, but hopefully things will ease up soon.	labels:I hope so too, but it looks like it's going to be a long time.
text:it is a bit daunting when we see the number of infections increasing and people getting sick, but i think it will just be a matter of time before things get better. and hopefully a vaccine will help with the hospitalizations.	labels:Hopefully, but how to deal with it in the mean time?
text:i think you're already taking a step in the right direction by talking to me about your anxiety and depression. i'm amazed that you've been able to just deal with it for 8 years. i've had friends who suffered from anxiety and depression, and i've noticed that just talking things through can sometimes help a lot.	labels:It's been very hard,  I've also had to take care of my mother in that time period, but she sadly passed away last march, possibly from the virus and I've been having a hard time processing that grief.
text:i'm very sorry to hear about your mother's passing, and a significant loss like that can take some time to  process. from my experience, it really helps just to open up to someone about the things that are on your mind. even a journal can help. if you have someone who can lend an ear to listen and a shoulder to cry on, spending some time with them can help you get your feelings out and might give you a sense of relief.	labels:That's true, I know many are suffering so much right now and many people have also lost their loved ones. It makes the isolation all the harder trying to handle the grief. It does help to talk, thank you. Do you have any suggestions on how to handle the anxiety?
text:personally, i find that hobbies are great for getting your mind off things and keeping yourself occupied means that your mind doesn't wander into dark thoughts.	labels:That is good advice, I will try to stay busier. Also, do you know of any support groups online that might be helpful?
text:just from this limited conversation, it sounds like you're an amazing person and i sincerely commend you for seeking help here and pushing yourself to cope with you loss and pain. i really wish there was more i could do to help but i believe in you ;) this might sound silly, but reddit is a great resource. there are some great support groups there who help each other and lift people up.	labels:Thank you, I will look there for others going through the same things, it doesn't sound silly at all and you are an amazing person too. Thank you for listening and your thoughtful help.
text:you're very welcome, and thank you for your kind words. stay strong and i know you can get through this. i don't know what the rules are on sharing personal contact info here, but i'm happy to be a friend or pen pal if you just need someone to talk to.	labels:Thanks, you stay strong too!  I know this time isn't easy for anyone. I'm just grateful for the few minutes of help here, you really did help. No need to share too many details, I think that going to the reddit forum will lead me to other people in my area that might be able to get together and help each other. Thanks very much for your help and good advice and you have a wonderful evening!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you?	labels:Not so good. How are you doing?
text:I am doing okay thank you for asking! would you like to talk about whats wrong?	labels:Yes. Well today I had a delivery order. So I went to McDonald's and pick up the order and took it to the right address and after a few hours I notice that the client did not confirm the order.
text:I am not knowledgeable in this service industry. Let me understand. You delivered the order, but the customer did not confirm they wanted it.	labels:Five minutes later my supervisor called me saying that the client call and reported that he did not received his order. And that's not true at all, I gave him the food. So now i don't know if they going to fired me or let me keep the job.
text:Oh i understand, that would be annoying. Did you talk to your supervisor about this situation?	labels:Of course I did. He told me he going to give me the benefit of the doubt but that is not enough. Im an honest person and this kind of accusation makes me feel very bad.
text:I understand, but do not feel bad about yourself. You did your work honestly and delivered the food to your customer.. Can I suggest something moving forward?	labels:Yes. But stuff like that makes me look bad and makes people dont trust me. Sure. That can help. I would appreciate it.
text:Maybe every time you make a delivery, you can take a picture of it for proof.. or maybe you can have a copy of the receipt and have the customer sign it as well.	labels:Well. I normally take pictures of every delivery I make but I let this pass and look what happened.
text:it's okay, it happens to everyone. we are human and we tend to make the smallest mistakes. The important thing is to learn from them. Is there anything else bothering you at work?	labels:Yes. It won't happen again for sure. This makes me dont trust people again. Well. This is the first time I ever faced this kind of problem at work.
text:as long as you believe in yourself to be honest, don't worry about what other people think. Your boss will come to understand you are a honest worker. It is also amazing that you have come such a long way without having other problems. that is great!	labels:I know but sometimes one small thing can hurt you and ruined the reputation that you had build for a long time.
text:Yes, i understand what you are saying. It's really hard to move on from bad experiences, staying positive is important in these situations..	labels:Yes. I guess so. You are right. I just going to move on and do my things. Thank you very much for taking your time and encouraging me with your words.
text:There's no need to thank me! i hope I could make you feel better.	labels:Yes you did. God bless you and have a good one.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello.	labels:I am having trouble with depression lately after I had a sister pass away a few months ago in an unexpected fire.
text:Oh no, i am sorry to hear that. It must be devastating for you.	labels:Yes, it has been extremely hard.
text:How are you feeling now?	labels:I am feeling extremely sad and like I don't feel like doing anything.
text:Have you seek therapy? Even if they can't lessen the pain, at least you have a place to vent out.	labels:I have not for this particular issue, I tried it in the past and didn't like it too much.
text:You can ask around to see if your friends know anyone good. If not, I'd suggest joining a group of people of the same problem where you can talk to each other.	labels:I think that is a really good idea, I hadn't thought about seeking out others with the same situation. Have you ever experienced anything like this in your life?
text:Yes I have, I lost one of my friends by suicide, It's very difficult and took years for me to somehow get over it.	labels:I am sorry to hear that, what types of things did you do to get through it?
text:I just cried my heart out, I talked to my other friends just to get it out of my heart.	labels:How long was it before you felt normal again?
text:2-3 years, at first I thought it was over but once in a while I would think of him and had this sharp pain in my chest. I tried to busy myself with work and other stuff too.	labels:I try to do the same thing.
text:I know it's very tough, especially when it's sudden like that but we can only do our best.	labels:Thank you for chatting with me today!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello. How are you doing these days?	labels:Not good. You?
text:I am sorry to hear that. I am doing fine and hope I can cheer you up.	labels:Good to hear. Been feeling lonely due to this pandemic.
text:I totally understand it. I felt lonely too by staying home all the time. But I found we can borrow books online. A good book can really help.	labels:Do you mean physical or ebooks?
text:Both will help. But ebooks are easier to get and you don't need to contact anyone and anything outside your home.	labels:Any genres you would suggest?
text:I like biographies. Stories of real people are inspiring..	labels:Oh ok. I was thinking about getting a dog, is that a good idea?
text:That is a great idea! Dog is human's best friend. I would love to have a dog myself.	labels:Do you have any dogs?
text:I don't have a dog, because I like to travel. However I have taken care of other people's dogs a lot when I am home.	labels:Oh ok. There is a lock down from where I live, how about you?
text:We are in similar situation. These days I only go out for grocery shopping.	labels:Same situation. I fear for the worse. Economy seems to be on a downturn.
text:Yeah, economy cannot do well if this situation drags on. Hope the vaccine will soon be approved and life can be back to normal.	labels:When do you think things will go back to normal?
text:Based on the news and information I read, I think things should get better by the next spring.	labels:Ok. thanks for everything.	episode_done:True
text:Hi :)\nHello! How are you doing today??	labels:pretty good, stressed about finals but not bad otherwise. How about you?
text:I understand that you are going through a stressful time with finishing up finals. Are you doing anything to destress.	labels:Yeah, I'm making sure to spend plenty of time relaxing and dong things I like in between studying. Also making sure to eat enough and get plenty of sleep too.
text:That is awesome! Sometimes it is really hard to take time for yourself.	labels:Yeah, it can be difficult to convince myself that being good to myself isn't just me being lazy. I've gotten a lot better at this during the quarantine though!
text:It is tough to take time, I am glad that you are making time for it. This time in quarantine has been helpful for everyone to slow down a little. Making it easier for us to give ourselves more self care.	labels:I have enjoyed that aspect a lot. It has definitely been tough being isolated from my friends though. I wish America would've just handled this properly :(
text:I know, in the end we can only control what we do. It has been hard to be away from everyone. Have you been able to use any video chatting to help bridge the gap?	labels:Yes, video chat has been good. A lot of my interactions were like that before anyways, so it has gotten pretty stale though..
text:At this point in the quarantine it has been hard to keep going with these strange practices. I have found some comfort in returning to the normalcy of a regular phone call. Are you self isolating alone, or are you fortunate to be with others..	labels:It's just me and my small family. I was at college but moved home a few weeks ago. At school we were just as isolated though.
text:I have heard that is the norm among colleges. That has to be really tough. So much of college is in the experience of being with other young people. You are fortunate because you are learning skills like how to be really flexible when it comes to tough times.	labels:Yeah, I always try and remember that I've got it pretty good in these times.
text:Is there anything else that is going on aside from the isolation that is stressing you out?	labels:Nope Its just really tough to see it keep dragging on with no end in sight.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so sad. My partner left me for another woman!\nHi, so from what I understand you are feeling sadness at this moment due to your partner leaving you for someone else..	labels:Yes! I can't believe he did this to me.
text:Just from the few messages you sent, I can tell this is really hurting you a lot.	labels:I feel so sad. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
text:I had a similar situation where my fiancé left me after cheating on me and getting pregnant by another man, so I understand completely what you are feeling. .	labels:We were so in love! How could he do this to me?
text:This is a really hard situation to get through, but I know that you can do this!.	labels:How? Please tell me how? I don't feel like I could ever be happy again.
text:Whenever I am feeling upset about the situation I look at all the good things I have going for me, like my job, and my family, and my health..	labels:I lost my job a few months ago. I do have kids though.
text:From what we have talked about so far, I can see how losing your job would also make you much more anxious.. I would definitely focus on making sure to spend time with your kids though! They are extremely important and they need you to be as much yourself as you can!	labels:Yes! i have been struggling so much with losing my job! And now this. How am I going to get through this? I do need to be strong for my kids. They are so little. They don't understand what is going on.
text:Yes, your kids definitely need you and they will help. I would make sure to play with them and get together and maybe watch some holiday movies or videos since it is so close to Christmas.	labels:I will try, but it will be hard. Christmas just won't be the same this year.
text:What are some of your favorite things to do during Christmas time?	labels:I like to make ornaments with my kids, and shop for family, and wrap presents.
text:I would spend time making ornaments with your kids to help get through this time!	labels:Yes. That is a great idea! Thank you.
text:You are very welcome! I am glad you chatted with me today.	labels:You have been so helpful. I am glad I could find someone to talk to.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi from Michigan! How are you doing today?.	labels:Im going pretty good, just trying to get through laundry.
text:Ugh! That's a never ending battle for me! Do you have a lot of it?.	labels:Not too bad, it's more so the folding and putting away afterward that seems to take the longest.
text:That's the worst part. I've given up on folding.. Do you have something that's bothering this evening?.	labels:It does feel good to put things away though, my room has been a tornado recently, just not feeling like doing much these days. The pandemic crazies hit pretty hard recently. I wish I could just see peoples faces again, and go out to eat. It really sucks to be at home all the time. Like I get it, but it's challenging, and lonely.
text:I can relate. This whole year has been a mess.	labels:I want to be optimistic but its hard when it feels like you're always on the brink of losing everything. It really sucks.
text:Do you think you're staying away from people because you're supposed to or you're afraid of getting sick?	labels:I would definitely say both. I also don't live near any family or friends anymore. I moved to a totally new place a few months before the pandemic. Lost the job I moved here for, most of the friends I had made needed to move back in with family, it's just a mess. And we're on level red these days, so most businesses are closed around here.
text:It's hard to be optimistic when everything seems so uncertain. I can't imagine how lonely that would feel especially in a new place..	labels:Yup.
text:Are you still keeping in contact with your friends and family back home?.	labels:As much as possible, but it's never the same. It's strange honestly. Part of the reason I moved away was to get away from my home and everything familiar, and this whole experience kinda reminded me why it's nice to have that around.
text:It really isn't. That's such a hard situation to be in.  I really can't think of much of a solution unfortunately..	labels:There's no need to find a solution, really. It's just sucks, and that's okay. It's perseverance through hardship that make you grateful in the end, but the process still sucks.
text:I guess in a way this whole thing has been an eyeopener for you. Are you considering moving back home when this is over?.	labels:Haha no way that place sucks. :) I love where I've moved, it's lonely for now, but the small taste I got of the town when I first moved is enough to stay for. We'll see what the future brings.
text:Very true about perseverance. I think everyone is feeling a bit depressed at this point..	labels:It's very easy to. Just watching old videos with crowds of people is so strange and nostalgic.
text:You seem to have a good mindset about everything. You should try doing the support side of this next time! lol.	labels:Lol for sure dude. Thanks for chatting :) It's good to get crap out.
text:No problem, you too! These are actually pretty decent hits. Slave wage though lol.	labels:Agreed. It's better than nothing though. I hope you have a great night, seeya!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. You there buddy? I really need your help if possible. Can you lend a hand, please? hello?\nhi, how can i help?	labels:I am stressed out due to this pandemic.
text:i know a lot of people are. how has the pandemic caused stress for you?	labels:My job stability. I don't know whether I'll have a job in the future or not.
text:that is rough, and i completely understand. i'm in a similar position. what makes you question your job stability?	labels:Given I am a low level worker at my firm, I fear if the economy turns for the worse, I'll be cut.
text:i see. so if your firm starts making staff cuts, you think you'll be one of the folks they let go?	labels:Yes, that is correct. I am very stressed due to this.
text:can you share a bit about what type of work you do?	labels:I am an accountant.
text:I see. well the great thing about accountants is that every business needs them, regardless of the economy.	labels:My company has already cut 10%. With this new lock down order from my state, I am fearful. Is there a lock down where you live?
text:There is a lockdown, but it isn't as strict as some other states.	labels:Oh ok. How's the economy where you live?
text:it is pretty rough. unemployment has hit a huge spike and there are a lot of people who are moving away to find better opportunities.	labels:Yes. This is what I fear. Homelessness has increased in my city. There are a lot more tents than usual.
text:i've managed and coached a lot of people in my career, and i think what's important to keep in mind in how you adapt to the current situation.	labels:Thanks for everything.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Any help on dealing with the stress and frustration would be helpdul.
text:of course! Can you tell me what is going on? IS there areason you are feeling stressed?	labels:Trying to balance work pressure with family and having little support due to the pandemic.
text:That is a lot to have on your plate..	labels:Yes it is.
text:I totally understand how you feel. This pandemic has ruined a lot of things this year..	labels:Any advice.
text:Is it possible for your partner to help with some of the load?	labels:We both work full time so we are both trying to balance it out.
text:I feel you. My kids have been at home during this pandemic because the schools are shut down and I cannot imagine what the parents working full time and dealing with this are going through..	labels:It is hard to do well being a parent and being successful at work.
text:Have you tried simplifying your routines? Cutting yourself some slack hereand there? Yes it it can be so hard. But you are getting through it!.	labels:I’ve tried but that’s easier said then done.
text:I totally understand. These days we have this expectation to be perfect, but it is so important to show yourself some grace..	labels:That you that is good advice. How are you balancing it? I just want to make sure I can balance it all and be present.
text:Some things I do with my family after a stressful day is order a pizza and have a movie night, this seems to help everyone relax a bit. Things I do personally for myself is take a warm bath with some hot tea. I also go for a short walk when it is warm enough outside..	labels:That is wonderful advice. I like the walking part. Get some fresh air.. Have a wonderful night.
text:As a mom, I struggle with that too, trying to get everything done, while being present. But i do find that with kids, the more simple the better. They just want us and out time. things do not have to be complex, even small things reading a bedtime story, or actually sitting down together for dinner helps..	labels:Thank you that helps a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Just found out my position will be eliminated in January.  Freaking out! 1.\nWow.  So you're being laid off soon?	labels:Yes.  Apparently the company just can't continue to operate and pay all of us.  So my position will be gone.  They said they may be able to hire me back after all the Covid stuff, but couldn't guarantee it 2.
text:I've been laid off many times.  Never gets easier. Will they give you severance?  Do you qualify for unemployment?  Any offer for retraining or job assistance?	labels:It is hard emotionally - as well as financially.  I tried calling the unemployment office to find out what help they may have but no one answered me. 3.
text:Your not getting the unemployment office to respond seems to be a common problem.  They weren't geared up for this.  Fortunately, the online portal has been helpful for many. What are your skills and strong points?	labels:I will have to look at that.  I've not been in the job market for 25 years.  I thought they may be able to provide some assistance in just where do I begin. 4. I'm a teacher at a private school.  4.
text:You want to know where to start.  Sounds like you are young.	labels:Well not as young as I once was - in my 40s. 5.
text:Teachers are wonderful!  Experienced teachers are even better.  Age 40 is still young enough to be competitive in today's market.  You will get lots of job interviews and offers before you know it.	labels:I'm concerned because now is just not the normal time they hire new teachers on.  Plus a lot of the school systems around me are all virtual right now, so I'm concerned about that 6.
text:How are your online/virtual skills? Use your time off to get confidence in online forums like Zoom and MS Teams.	labels:We've used Zoom for some of our kids at my current school but it's usually one on one, not an entire classroom 7.
text:There's many online job hunting sites that are free.  Indeed, Zip Recruiter, Craig's List, Monster, newspaper classifieds.	labels:Yes I need to investigate those.  I got my current job right out of college and I've been there 25 years!  I'm so nervous about teaching somewhere else. 8.
text:I feel your pain.  Being laid off is a stab to the heart.  Very disconcerting.   Sounds as if you have been thrown out of your comfort zone.	labels:Most definitely.  Not to mention the children that depend on me, many of the children that I work with have special needs and changing their teachers can be traumatic.  So I'm worried about them as well. 9.
text:I'm sixty and one thing I've noticed during past lay-offs is that people end up in a better position.	labels:I hope that is the case this time around for me.  Ugh, I've got to do a new resume too!!  EEK! 10.
text:I admire your dedication to the children.  They will always have a place in their heart for you.  Fortunately, children are resilient so the trauma could be short-lived for them.	labels:I hope so - thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi, how are you today?	labels:Good, and you?
text:I am good, how can I help you?	labels:This pandemic has my stressed and depressed..
text:It appears that you are stressed about the pandemic and it is making you feel depressed, is that correct?	labels:Yes, I am worry for my job stability going into the future.
text:That's a really hard thing to worry about, but I know you can make it through this!	labels:When do you think this pandemic will end? I'm very worried.
text:From what I have seen, the vaccine will be coming soon to the United States and after we get that we will be in much better shape.	labels:Oh, ok. It is getting worse from where I live. Just the other day a Walmart closed due to 10 COVID-19 cases. Hopefully it will work out.
text:I completely understand where you are coming from. I also work in a grocery store and with being around a lot of people all day I also worry at times about COVID-19.	labels:Does your store take extra safety measures due to this pandemic. Does customers have to wear a mask before entering?
text:Yes, in my store all employees and customers must wear masks and our store provides masks to those who don't have them..	labels:Oh. Is your state in a lockdown currently?
text:Yes, is yours?	labels:Yes, same. I feel like the economy is going to take a toll. I can't stop worrying.. Thanks again for the conversation!!
text:I understand that, I would suggest anytime you get too overwhelmed to try and take your mind off of things by watching a video or doing something you enjoy doing in your spare time..	labels:Oh ok. Genre of movies you like watching?	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHow are you feeling?	labels:A bit overwhelmed and depressed. I really want to celebrate the holiday, but I'm just not in the mood..
text:I understand. I have been feeling the same way lately -- my family has been distracted and stressed and it's rubbing off on me. Are there other people around that you can spend time with?	labels:Not really, I'm not a people person and the couple people I do talk to aren't supportive or going thru their own issues.
text:I understand. It seems to me that much of what makes the holidays worthwhile is the opportunity to spend time with people we care about. It makes sense that you would have a hard time celebrating with nobody there to share it with you. Are you close with your family these days?	labels:I have my family to share it with, my husband and kids. The teenagers are more about me buying them stuff and getting presents, and we're broke so I haven't been able to do the things I want to with my toddler..
text:(Even if you don't talk to them much, do you think it would be worth reaching out to them?) I see.	labels:Outside of my household, I have my grandparents and some sibblings I don't talk to much..
text:Do you remember enjoying the holidays more when your kids were younger?	labels:Absolutely! They always had great Christmases. I feel they're takking away from my toddler's christmas.
text:I see. Do you know what has changed? You said that the teenagers are more interested in getting presents than actually celebrating the holiday itself. Is that a major reason? What about your husband?	labels:That and the teenagers aren't listening well. They're kinda out of control. I don't think they deserve a Christmas, because they need to learn responsibility.. My husband tends to think they do no matter what..
text:I see. You are frustrated with them because of the way they have been behaving. What do you think they should be doing differently? (Also, are you in a state where they have closed down the schools?)	labels:Exactly. Sorry if I'm taking a minute to respond. I just got put into 2 of these things at once where I'm a supporter lol. It's much harder. But yes, I'm in Michigan.
text:Oh, that's okay. :)	labels:Do you have kids?.
text:Something I tend to struggle with is the way things change over time, when they can never go back to the way they were before. When my sisters and I were little, it seemed like everything in the world was so much simpler, and we had certain Christmas traditions that we always looked forward to, like cutting down a tree, making pumpkin pie, and singing carols and Christmas hymns together. As we've gotten older it seems like our family has gotten split apart a bit more and everyone is too stressed and hurried to enjoy the old things that we used to do. That has been pretty hard for me because things used to be so much different. Has that been difficult for you, as well? Just the fact that things are different now than when your kids were little. I don't have kids, no. I am still a kid, sort of. :) Also I've got a bad cold right now, which is why it's taking me a bit longer to respond as well.	labels:Yes! Exactly. You're very wise for your age! I am sure they feel similar to how you do. They're grown up and not able to appreciate the Christmas magic.. Ok well our pizza is here. Thank you for your help. This is a very good task and you did great for your first time! Hope you have a nice day!.
text:Thank you for talking! Oh, one thing-- Can I write you a Christmas card? If you would rather not give me your name/address, I understand.	labels:Oh my goodness that would be amazing. Bree Fair 4481 Division  St Wayland MI 49348.
text:Okay. Who should I address it to?	labels:Have a nice night wherever you are in mturk land :) Bree Fair :).
text:Oh, right. Okay. Good night and Merry Christmas!	labels:You too!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:Feeling a little stressed.
text:I am so sorry that you are feeling stressed, what's going on?	labels:I have a big essay due on Monday and I can’t bring myself to write it. I feel overwhelmed.
text:I completely understand I've been there myself, finding motivation can be so hard, but I know you can do it!. what have you done so far? Do you have some of the assignment done?	labels:How did you get motivated? Do you have any advice?
text:I always thought of my GPA and how a single grade could affect all of my hard work. Perhaps thinking of what this grade can affect will motivate you to really avoid any stressful situations it may bring.	labels:Yeah to be fair this is a big part of my degree so I can’t not do it. I just find the subject so hard compared to some of the other ones I’ve done so far. It’s a lot of maths which I suck at.
text:I have been there, I major in Biotechnology engineering. Image what life will be like once you are finished with this nightmare assignment. Give it your all. Find that fire inside of you and push through. You are almost there, remember everything you have overcome, dont let this little hurdle set you back. I have faith in you! Right now, dive into the subject, find outside resources. Hustle time. the great always struggle towards the end, you are one of those great! remind yourself of what you can do and have overcome.	labels:Wow, biotech engineering must have been cool. Makes my economics module seem a bit silly now haha. I think I’m just getting frustrated with myself which is annoying in itself when I know deep down I probably could do it if I stopped trying to avoid it.
text:oh no! my best friend has a business major and economics class almost killed her. she took it FOUR times before she passed it. She never gave up! this is your dream, chase it, own it, and conquer it. I am the champion of getting frustrated. I take a breather and come back. Always come back. take a nap or do something you enjoy doing..	labels:I’m glad I’m not the only one who struggles with economics although I definitely don’t want to have to retake it haha. I guess I will have to retake it if I don’t actually do the work though!. I think even just being here is procrastinating really when I should be writing my essay!.
text:My poor friend, economics in itself is a beast that only unique minds understand. But, I do believe that with effort and dedication. She will be so mad for telling someone else how many times she fail the class. You can do it! you are at the end! get to work and make it happen!	labels:Yeah I think you’re right. I think we have a minute or so left here and then I’m just going to put my headphones in and get it done. You’ve been really helpful today, I needed someone else to tell me to just get on with it today so thank you. It’s been the push I needed! Enjoy the rest of your day, take care!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am feeling angry today about work..
text:Oh no, what happened to make you feel this way?	labels:My coworker expects me to do things the way she does and is constantly critical. I just want her to understand that I am able to do things my way and it is still okay. I told her this and she ignored me.
text:I'm sure that's terribly frustrating having someone treat you like that. Is this something that your boss is aware of?	labels:I have not told her yet. I do not want to get her into trouble and I want to have a good relationship with her..
text:Can you discuss it with her in a respectful way to get her to understand that you're not trying to undermine her but that this is how you work most efficiently? And maybe mention that you don't want to involve the boss?	labels:That's something I could try. I really care about my coworker and it makes me so angry that she treats me this way..
text:I think sometimes it's easy to jump to anger when you feel hurt. It might be worth telling her how you feel and also maybe ask why she thinks you should be doing things her way. Maybe there's a give and take in this situation. Some of her methods could be beneficial.	labels:Do you have any advice on how to start my conversation with her? I have found some of her ideas to be beneficial. I just would like my ideas expressed as well. I feel we can learn from each other..
text:Tell her the things that you like about her method and maybe suggest some of your methods to her as well. Maybe she'll find them to be more efficient. Make it a partnership rather than a fight for whose method is better. She could feel threatened by you so it's worth digging into those feelings with her and proving to her that you're working toward the same goal.	labels:That's a great idea. It is possible. I am the new kid on the block. I will try by being non confrontational. Any specific ideas to how  I can do that? She gets offended easily. I want her to know I am helping..
text:I'd suggest how much she's helped you since you are in fact the new kid on the block.  And tell her that you want to work with her to have the most efficient partnership possible and use each of your talents to the best of your ability. Then you can lay out how you work best and see where it goes from there.	labels:Thanks! I will try that. You made me feel so much better!.
text:I'm so glad, these can be frustrating situations but sometimes it's worth looking at the other person's perspective.	labels:I agree. Sometimes you just have to take a step back and have a conversation with someone not in the thick of it..
text:Absolutely, I have no emotional stake in this. The two of you do and that can cloud things sometimes.	labels:I think people get territorial when they have worked somewhere and a new person comes in. I see that now. I am optimistic we will work it out and be a great team!
text:That's great to hear, I'm glad we were able to chat!	labels:Me too! You really helped me. Have a wonderful day! I know I will since you helped me out..	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi! How are you today?	labels:am good ..what about you?
text:I'm doing well. How can I help you today?	labels:a break up with my partner please read up.
text:I'm so sorry. I went through a bad break up last year. Can you tell me what happened? Are you there?	labels:yes i am ahere. i and this lady dated for 2weeks. suddenly she said she doesn't love me anymore imagine that.
text:I'm sorry, I'm sure that has made you feel rejected.	labels:very well.
text:I'm sure it is hard to express how you feel with it being a short relationship, people may not understand. But sometimes we can feel such a strong connection and have faith in people very fast..	labels:its very hard. i loved the girl with all my heart.
text:I understand feeling connected to someone you've only known for a short amount of time. I'm sure you feel like you wont be able to let your guard down again anytime soon.	labels:yes i have faith in people very fast. seriously its like your seeing my mind.
text:Maybe this could be a learning experience? I always try to see the best in people, but have learned to let people earn my trust. Not just get it for free..	labels:yeah.
text:Is there anything positive in your life that you can try to focus your attention on?	labels:i heard is better to let a girl love you thank for you loving her. yes. my ACHEIVEMENT IN LIFE AND WORK.
text:Do you enjoy your job? What are some of your achievements?.	labels:YES I ENJOY MY JOB.	episode_done:True
text:I dont know how to live without my girlfriend.  She broke up with me suddenly.\nOk,  can you tell me how long ago this happened.	labels:a week ago.
text:So your girlfriend broke up with you a week ago and you have no idea how to move forward. Is that correct.	labels:yes. she was my rock.
text:You know I am sure that hurts but  like they say  that "time heals all wounds"	labels:but, i have been with her for 3 years.  She is a part of my everyday life. we split household chores. now im overwhelmed.
text:That is a long time. Event though she was your rock,  just know that you will eventually find someone new and this hurt will be no more.	labels:But im not sure how to survive in the time being.  my life will be a disaster.
text:I can feel your pain,  i have had similar experience and it took quite a while to move on, but know that this too will pass.	labels:I dont have the time to do all she did to maintain my house.  What am i supposed to do now she is gone.
text:There was a time when I had a breakup that left me feeling like it was the end of the world,  but i am fine now and  so would you.  Take some long walks but he sure to socially distance and try meeting new friends online and just talk.  That will help.	labels:But what about my dishes, and bathroom cleaning that she did, and i dont have time to do? My house is already starting to look terrible since she has left.
text:think about it,  the added exercise will help you from getting lonely with her not being around.	labels:But  i have never done laundry.  My mother did it when i lived with her. and i moved out from my mother to live with my girlfriend. How am i gonna do my laundry? I've never done it.
text:If you focus too much on the break up,  you will have a hard time getting over her so try to do some fun activities that you can enjoy alone  so that you are safe.  You can search youtube on how to do laundry and other chores,  you will be ok.	labels:Thank you for your advice.  It probably isnt that hard. I just am nervous about trying to do it myself for the first time.  Its starting to pile up now.
text:Don't be nervous,  Just take some time to learn the house chores and you'll be fine.	labels:It'll be new, but i guess i could at least try.  But i miss her so much.  I dont think i can ever find someone else like her.
text:You will find that someone. Hope I was able to make you feel a bit better. .	labels:You are very positive.  I wish i had your positivity.
text:Think of the glass half full.   You will do well.	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?	labels:I'm doing okay.
text:Is there anything you want to talk about?	labels:I'm having problems with getting up everyday and doing my daily routine. I feel bad because these are things that other people do normally.
text:Yeah, I've definitely felt that way...especially during COVID and having to adjust to working from home. What are some of the things in your routine during the day?	labels:Exactly. Jogging, eating breakfast, getting dressed.
text:Yep, for me it's kind of felt like working remotely and all the crazy 2020 stuff was kind of an excuse to just "take a break" from grinding. MTurk has kind of helped me get back in a working mindset and given me more energy...have you been doing a lot of MTurk lately?	labels:Yeah, 2020 has been a crazy year. I've been doing Mturk here and there. I plan on doing it more. It helps me stay productive.
text:Yeah it helps, just forcing yourself to have goals, for sure. I've been determined to hit a number on MTurk and exercise every time I'm feeling tired, instead of taking a nap because my boss can't see me, lol. I would definitely say just start setting goals and try to look forward to 2021 being better.	labels:Okay, I hear you. Thanks. Yeah, I guess I have to really force myself..
text:Force yourself at first, then the "body in motion, stays in motion" law will take over. :) All I know, is that nothing is worse than ending a day without a sense of accomplishment and then stringing those kinds of days together..	labels:Okay okay. cool. That's a helpful concept. I'm going to force myself to get up and then hopefully my body will get used to it. Yes, that's true. I hate ending the day knowing I've bummed it out.
text:One of the things I've noticed about 2020 and I think this contributes is that this year has taken away almost all incentives...you know before it would be like, "I'm looking forward to this concert, or this movie coming out next weekend." So, when you aren't planning things and don't have these milestones throughout the year of events breaking up the monotony, it stinks.	labels:Yes, I agree. I used to go to at least one concert every year. Now that's out of the question. It gets boring and a little depressing. Hopefully 2021 will be better..
text:I'm sure it will be. Definitely try tomorrow morning to get up and exercise and maybe hit the MTurk hard, also hobbies definitely help and being at home is a great time to learn new skills.	labels:I will definitely. I just got to get up and get with it. I'm really in need of some exercise so I'll do that too. I used to paint and draw but I kind of fell off and stopped doing it. I'll get back into that too.
text:Oh yeah, nothing is worse than losing joy in something you love doing. But, getting back in an active mindset helps. I used to love to have bonfires, it really was therapeutic for me but then I just lost the will to have them. Since I've been back on MTurk and trying to be more active these last couple weeks, I had one on Saturday and really enjoyed it. So much of the passion lost for hobbies isn't because we grow out of them, it's quite frankly because we are probably just depressed.	labels:I agree fully and I'm happy for you. I think I've been in some sort of depression for some time now. I stopped doing everything I loved. I used to love jogging but I stopped doing that too. I ended up gaining a lot of weight and now I don't like going anywhere or being seen at all. I'm usually 130 and I've shot up to 200. So I think if I can just get my routine down and exercise, I'll be alright.
text:Yep for sure, just get back at it and learn to love it again. Anyways, good talking to you!	labels:You too and thanks for the support!	episode_done:True
text:I'm so anxious. I'm losing my job at the end of the month and I don't know how my resume is going to hold up with so many other people looking for work too!\nI can understand why you would feel this way. Maybe you should try to take a step back and reassess the situation.	labels:Maybe, but it's hard to feel like there is another way to approach it. There's so many people struggling. It's all so sad and scary right now.
text:It may be a good time to go over your resume, making sure to fine tune all of your achievements and qualifications. This may help ease some of your worries and fears.	labels:Wow, that's a great idea. Hmm. But what if I spend the fee to get my resume looked at  but then don't land a job? Wouldn't it be better to save the money and hedge my bets?
text:It seems that you are mixed up in the decision to put in extra funds in a professional resume polish or use your time and energy instead of actual financial means. Is that right?	labels:Exactly. I'm anxious that if I don't get professional help I won't land a job but then on the other hand I'm anxious that if I don't get a job I'll have needed the savings.
text:Perhaps you should speak to a trusted mentor or a closed loved one and seek their opinion. Often, we need someone outside of the actual situation that can give us great advice.	labels:That's a good idea too. Maybe even someone who recently changed jobs can give me some interview tips! -Even if I get the interview I know I'm going to be anxious about that!
text:I understand we can all feel anxious during an interview, but remember what great qualities you can bring to the table and believe in yourself!	labels:I'll try! Thank you so much for the advice!
text:Also, there are many online resources that are great at finding available jobs and require your time and effort, but not any money invested. This might be a good tool as well!	labels:That's very true. Maybe I'll get started on that tonight.
text:I hope so. I've also been in a similar situation so I can completely understand your feelings. Keep in mind there are also resume sites that are free to use, as I know you are concerned about the financial part in that area..	labels:That's nice to hear! Sometimes it feels like I'm being dramatic. I really appreciate your thoughts, having an action plan really helps me feel less anxious. Thank you.
text:Can I help with anything else?	labels:I don't think so. I already feel excited to get started looking at those resources and tweaking my achievements.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I've been dealing with a lot of depression lately.  not sure how to shake it (1)
text:Im sorry to hear that, has there been anything going to cause the increase?	labels:My daughter was born about 3 months ago.  I guess it's post-partum.(2)
text:That is really rough, though it is good you recognize it. A lot of people do not..	labels:Well I figured when I was crying at the Pampers commercial that there might be an issue (3)
text:Have you tried to talk to a professional. It is very prevalent that mothers experiencing this do.	labels:I've talked to my doctor that delivered my daughter about it.  He recommended medication but I'm not so sure I want to take something for the rest of my life (4)
text:As long as you recognize that it is a much more common thing that people go through, that is a great start. I experienced it with my second child as well.	labels:Did they put you on medication (5)
text:There is no harm getting a second opinion. I never did take medication, i found a good therapist to talk too.	labels:A second opinion is probably a good thing.  I just know I can't keep laying in bed 1/2 the day with the baby. (6)
text:Yeah that you cant, and i cant stress how good it is that you realize it. I would definitely go for a second opinion. Or even search for therapists that specialize in it in your area. Never have been a fan of using medicine as the first go unless really needed.	labels:Yeah, I'm not big on the medication.  I've talked to several moms that went on it and years later had to stay on it because the withdrawals were so terrible.  I'd like to be able to process through it(7)
text:And whats the worst a little talking can do for you. Has talking to other moms been helpful at all?	labels:Well, some of them LOL!  Others just scare me to pieces so it really depends on who it is!  My husband does not understand at all but he's trying (8)
text:At least he is trying, as i said before, even with it being so common, it is a mystery to most.	labels:I don't think a lot of people talk about it.  You have this new healthy child, you should be excited, and yet there is extreme sadness and no idea why so you stay quiet about it (9)
text:Yeah its a rough cycle, you get down on yourself for feeling down.	labels:Exactly, like it's my fault that I feel this way.  My head knows that is  not right, my heart another story. (10)
text:Well, i am glad you want to do something about it. I hope you do follow up with a second opinion, or maybe even support groups in your area.	labels:Yes, I am going to look into some support groups in our area and maybe a therapist as well.  Just need to do some research to find some locally.
text:Great, thats wonderful news. I think you are on the right track to being yourself again.	labels:I certainly hope so.  I'd like to enjoy this little bundle of joy instead of just spending all day at home doing nothing.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm ok, how are you?
text:Just ok? Is there something bothering you?	labels:I'm struggling with depression. I'm a mom at home with my children throughout the day..
text:That must be a lot to manage, I'm sure you're doing a great job. As a mom as well, I know there are many demands and things to juggle. Is there something specific you're struggling with?	labels:It is, thank you. I think I need to cope with self isolation better. Being a mom is self isolating by itself without the pandemic.
text:I completely understand, the pandemic and having added responsibility definitely has been very isolating and can feel like you're losing your sense of self.	labels:I've joined "mom groups" and that does seem to help some. You're right I am losing my sense of self, that is a very good way to put it..
text:It's completely normal to have that sense of guilt for feeling that way as well. This whole situation is not ideal for anyone, which somehow makes it worse. It's hard to talk to someone about these feelings when you know everyone else is in the same or worse situation.	labels:It is very hard to talk to someone about these feelings, when we are all going through it. How have you been able to maintain your sense of self? Any tips?.
text:It's taken a while to figure it out and get on the same page with my husband, but I try and practice self-care when possible. It can be something as simple as going for a walk alone or sitting and reading alone. There's no shame in needing some time alone to reset.	labels:Thank you for your empathy and understanding. You are so right, self care is so important as a mom, especially right now. My husband doesn't understand that just by going to work he is able to escape for a little while. I will definitely try to practice more self care. Good luck to you and thank you for your advise! You have been very helpful.
text:I'm glad to hear it, good luck to you as well. I hope you're able to practice self care and reset. Stay safe!	labels:Thank you!. Your kids are lucky to have you, stay safe as well..
text:Too kind, thank you.	labels:Have a good afternoon:)	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:Hi, how are you? Are you working?
text:I am working today.	labels:I've been working from home since March. Today I get a letter saying I have to return to work. Can my job make me come to the office? Are you working from home? Hello? Do you know of anyone who was in this predicament? Can they fire me? What should I do?
text:Different jobs have different policies so you could check into that. I do know people who have had to do that. I would caqll and talk to my boss about how I was feeling and see if there is a solution.	labels:Who would I check with? The letter says "failure to return to physical could result in loss of employment." We dont have access to our bosses where we can just randomly call them up. Have you helped anyone else with this problem?
text:You have a direct supervisor or a human resource person that you could talk to at the company. They should be able to answer those questions for you.	labels:I can't go back there I have a young child and I'm afraid I'll catch t he Covid 119 virus. Thanks anyway. Do you work from home? Hello? Is your job hiring? I can't go back there!	episode_done:True
text:howdy!	labels:hello.
text:I am still here. I'm supposed to be supporter. like, hello?	labels:my friends call me a weirdo,i usually keep to myself alot,i hardly mingle or relate with them which gets them pissed off over time.
text:I was like that as a teen. I read a lot and kept to myself.	labels:Really? did you see that as a problem?
text:Maybe you could try getting another set of friends that don't insult you. I sometimes saw my "friends" as being a problem.	labels:they are my childhood friends. why ?
text: Mine were too. Just because you grew up on the same block doesn't mean you have to keep hanging with them.	labels:they are good people i thing the problem is with me.
text:why? you think you are non-social?	labels:yes i'm. i also have this mentality of trying to stay away from trouble by not keeping friends.
text:sounds like a good impulse. staying out of trouble is a good habit, I mean.	labels:really?
text:sure. Do your "friends" get into trouble?	labels:not all of the time.
text:again, it sounds like you're impulse to stay from them is correct. your.	labels:i guess so too. so i really do not have a problem.
text:no. there's nothing wrong with you.	labels:i feel better to know that.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!\nHi! How are you today?	labels:Im really nervous about my upcoming finals :/
text:Finals can be so stressful. Have you been studying?	labels:I keep trying, but it seems my nervousness from wanting to do well is clouding my mind and making it hard to study.
text:I can imagine. When i was in school , i had the same thing happen to me. I was so sterssed, it led to me nto being able to focus.. What really helped me was practicing mindfulness.. Are there any exercies that you like doing?	labels:I like to lift weights for gaining muscle mass. Usually pushups are my favorite bodyweight exercise.
text:Have you made time to do that latey?	labels:I havent really no, should I?
text:Definitely, exercise is a really good way to de-stress. It releases endorphins which can calm you and make you happy. This is a great way to reset before studying..	labels:That is a good tip, I should really start working on that more. What could I do to help me study more efficiently though?
text:HAve you tried setting small study goals? That always helps me. I set a hour for one small topic at a time , it makes studying less overwhelming..	labels:Okay, so If i have 6 finals, would I be able to study for all by studying less?
text:Not necessarily studying less but break the 6 finals into smaller tasks. Use index cards to organize yourself. I alwyas start with an outline of topics i need to cover then put them onto index cards..	labels:I really like that, I should definitly start doing that. How about work school balance, I currently work and am enrolled full time. Should I request time off to prep for finals or what should I do?
text:That's up to you. WIll your employer be accommodating about taking a day or two off? You want to make sure to not lose your job..	labels:Thats a good point. I really like my job so I wouldnt like to lose it. But I feel like I should ask anyways. I mean the worst they can say is no right?
text:Definitely, worth a try..	labels:Thank you so much for your help, you have been great. Have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you feeling today?	labels:having a rough day..
text:I am sorry you are having a rough day. Can you share more about it?	labels:i feel like my life is an unscheduled mess. nothing ever happens when its supposed to. i plan things and it always falls through and doesnt happen.
text:It sounds like the chaos and disorganization is really bother you.  Is that right?	labels:yes.
text:I can certainly understand.  When my children were young and I worked full-time outside of the home, I found it very difficult to keep things in my life organized.	labels:my partners schedule changes about 3 times a day. so i never know if what i had planned will happen or not. usually not.
text:I can understand why that may frustrate you. Does your partner have any control over their schedule and the changes?	labels:i stay home all the time and even our plans for doing things at home fall through. he will promise to do something simple and months later its still not done. its supposed to be a set schedule but something always come up and he ends up working anywhere from 10 to 12 hours.
text:This can be very stressful and lead to a lot of problems in a relationship if not dealt with early.	labels:its more of the reasons why he has to work late that bother me.
text:Have you tried hanging a large calendar and writing down his schedule as well as any plans you made? Then each morning, do a quick 1-minute check on the calendar to ensure you are BOTH on the same page. Can you tell me about the reason?	labels:the people he works with either screw up a machine or flake out not even working an 8 hour shift. yet my other half is always the one to stay.
text:Is he aware of your concerns?	labels:i mean i admire his work ethic but why does it always have to fall on him to be the one to stay. we have talked about it often.
text:I feel like I had very similar issues in my first marriage.	labels:it makes my anxiety go crazy.
text:Communication can be very key here. It sounds like he is dedicated to his job, which can be a good thing, but I do understand that you want to be put first sometimes as well.	labels:we talk often and i have actually broken down several times and cried. funny thing is im not mad about the situation itself. i just feel robbed sometimes.
text:I can understand why that would make you feel that way.  We enjoy spending time with the people that we love.	labels:it would be different if i didnt care or it made me mad. it just make me feel alone.
text:Why don't you choose even one night each week, and see if he will commit to being home that one night - then plan something special TOGETHER.  It could be a game night, cooking dinner together, or just sitting talking.	labels:we have tried that and he still got stuck working.
text:Also, when he is home, you could both try REALLY connecting during that time.  Then maybe when he is at work, you won't feel so alone having made that connection that morning or the night before.	labels:we do make the most of our 2 to 3 hours together at night. otherwise i would completely break down.
text:That is good. Does he understand your feelings or does he tend to dismiss them?	labels:he feels the same way about our time.
text:So it sounds like time together is important to him as well, and the fact that you are both on the same page about that is wonderful.	labels:we had a lot of talks about this issue.
text:Instead of you making the plans, why don't you try giving him suggestions and have him make the plans next time?  Perhaps by him making them, he will be more focused on ensuring that he can be there.	labels:that sound like a great idea.
text:And then he will also see how much effort you put in! Please let me know how it work out!  I wish you the best of luck!  Have a wonderful evening!	labels:thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:It is finals week at my college and I'm beyond anxious about it (1)\nTaking finals certainly is tough, there's so much to think about. What's bothering you the most?	labels:Probably my stamina and endurance to finish all the work.  I'm still recovering from Covid-19 (2)
text:Have you spoken to anyone at the college about this?	labels:Yes, but they haven't been much help unfortunately.  My classes are online and finals are due when finals are due.  They are not giving any wiggle room (3)
text:It must make you feel quite trapped knowing that the college aren't cutting you a bit of slack considering you are still recovering from a serious illness. It sounds like you are trying your best and not giving up already.	labels:No I cannot give up at all.  My scholarship requires me to maintain a certain GPA and I can't afford to lose it (4)
text:It's good to hear that you're not giving up. Sometimes in these situations, you just have to do your best and then at least you know you did what you could. I like to tell myself in these situations that if there are no other avenues to explore, you just have to 'go with the flow' and don't beat yourself up thinking about it over and over - if there's nothing you can do, just do your best to ride it out.	labels:I know, there is just so much riding on these finals.  I have great grades so I'm praying that I pass without any issues and that I don't bomb even one of them (5) Are you still there?
text:If you tried hard previously then you may come out the other end having done very well!  When I was at school a long time ago, I had to stay off school for a month, when they were practising the exams. I didn't get chance to do those and I thought 'wow I'm totally screwed here', but guess what? I did okay!	labels:I hope that's what happens, I just don't know how to calm down about it (6)
text:Yes, I'm here.	labels:Do you know any techniques to help me calm down? (7)
text:It's totally understandable. I think even without the COVID situation, you would still be anxious. It's totally natural. Not that that discounts how you feel. Do you agree?	labels:Yes, that is true.  I just can't quite seem to quiet my mind. (8)
text:Well, I've tried meditating a few times before which doesn;t take it all away, it just takes the edge off! I used a guided meditation app. I also listened to white noise when I went to sleep as I was having trouble sleeping. I find even if you're mind is just taken away from it all for a few minute, it can re-balance you a little.	labels:I've tried watching some comedy shows and listening to music to take my mind off of it.  It works sometimes (9)
text:Maybe you should do more of that, it sounds like a good idea? Don't feel guilty for doing so either as it acts as a 'medicine'. If the 'medicine' works then take it.	labels:I will try to focus more on that when I'm not studying and see if it keeps helping then (10)
text:Sounds like a plan! It's certainly worth giving it a go. We need a break from it all sometimes or we'd all go mad.	labels:thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHello, I'm sorry I didn't reply faster. How can I help? How can I help?	labels:It's okay. Thank you for replying. So I have some issues with time management.
text:I understand. What are you struggling with concerning time management?. I have also struggled with time management. I have found that reminders on my phone, and a planner have been most beneficial to me personally. I understand every situation is different. Do you have a deadline you're trying to meet?	labels:I am trying to manage having my kids's learn virtually at home, while I'm completing my Master's, and working at night. I feel like I have to drop my Master's because it all seems like too much. I have used those tools. With the current environment in the world, I feel like dealines are a waste of time. I'm trying to go with the flow and just set daily goals.
text:I can see how this would be very overwhelming. I have a child learning virtually as well. Similarly, I am a student. I am not working on my masters degree... I can't even imagine..	labels:So you understand how the virtual learning has affected the day to day goals? I used to work during the day, complete my school work when the kids are in bed, but now everything seems so stressful.
text:Is your child old enough to do some of it on their own? I have "independent" or "together" next to each task. I purchased a large magnetic chalk board for our fridge. If your child is to young to do this I could see how this would be much more challenging for you.	labels:That's a great idea! Two of my kids are old enough to work independently most of the time, they are 11 and 8. However, I also have a 3 year old that requires constant attention. Unfortunately, her daycare is closed. Even more, I had to take on my nephew because his mother could not handle the virtual learning.
text:I completely understand how you feel. Virtual learning has affected our daily goals, though we are doing prerecorded lessons. That does make it easier I am sure. I have a 10 and 2 year old at home with me. One thing that has helped me is support groups. There are so many moms going through the same thing we are at this time.	labels:I never even thought of support groups. It would help to connect with other moms, just to remind myself that I am not alone in this. Thank you so much. You also have a busy bee on your hands!.
text:You are not alone in this. You could take the 3 year old to another room if possible and work on phonics/numbers, then help the older children during naptime. Then maybe they could help entertain the 3 year old while you work on your own schoolwork? This is similar to my daily schedule... but as you know with kids you have to go with the flow most of the time.	labels:Definitely have to go with the flow. They make life wondefully unpredictable. Thank you and those are fantastic ideas. I'll have to create a naptime, that would be the most helpful.
text:It helps so much to talk to other moms who understand. Being a mom is hard enough without all the added extra stress of 2020. It sounds like you're doing the best you can, and your kids will remember that in the long run. You can do this!	labels:Thank you so much for the wonderful advice. I will be looking into support groups, 2020 has definitely been a shake up for the whole world. I truly appreciate your support! Your kids are blessed to have you.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am okay just anxious.
text:I can understand anxiety in these times, is there something specific that's bothering you?	labels:I believe i am going to fail all my finals for college.
text:College finals are a stressful time for sure, I'm sure you're doing your best to prepare.	labels:Yes i have been studying for hours everyday. sometimes it is hard to focus.
text:Sometimes it's best to take a short break to reset when you feel like your gears are grinding.	labels:that is true, but i feel guilty when i take breaks.
text:I often feel the same way when I'm not busy doing work. But sometimes you need that little break to get back into the zone and be more productive.	labels:I try to take multiple 5 min breaks throughout my studying but it usually turns into hours breaks lol. its hard to focus.
text:You sounds pretty stressed about it, make sure you're getting enough sleep so you don't get run down.	labels:Yes i. do sleep for at least 10 hours. i also take 20 minute power naps because i have read somewhere it helps.
text:Is there someone you could study with to help break up how you're studying?	labels:yes i live with a roommate and we are in the same program, but i sometimes feel dumb when i study with her.
text:Try not to think of yourself that way. I'm sure you both provide a benefit to each other while studying.	labels:it is fun when we study together, i also forget to eat sometimes because im so stressed.
text:I also felt that way around finals and with friends, I think it's important to recognize this is one semester and that it's equally as important to take care of yourself as it is to pass those finals. I also felt that way around finals and with friends, I think it's important to recognize this is one semester and that it's equally as important to take care of yourself as it is to pass those finals.	labels:Yes thats the only thing that is keeping me going. This is only for a few days and it will soon end and i will have a break.
text:It will get better, this is just now and there's a lot to look forward once you're through this. Make sure you're taking care of yourself first and foremost. That will ultimately provide you success.	labels:I can't wait to be successful one day, but the thought of working also scares me. I fell be by myself. thank you so much, I feel relieved. I will take all your suggestions into consideration.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Im feeling down and need some advice as to how do I handle this situation.\nhello how are you today?	labels:I'm doing ok. How about you?
text:I'm doing well. Ok I can help. Whats going on?	labels:It's to do with some of my peers who hardly work but are favorable to my Manager as they always say yes to his word.
text:It sounds like you are unsure of how to deal with favoritism in the workplace. I have dealt with similar situations.	labels:Yes, it bothers me as I cannot tolerate injustice.
text:When did this start?	labels:for about a year.
text:Can you tell me some examples about the injustice?	labels:Some colleagues are given an option to log out early, whereas some of us have to slog .
text:Is the logging out early a reward for their work? I had a job that offered similar rewards based on performance.	labels:No, it's a privilege given to them if they agree to anything the Manger says like going out with him for a drink, etc..
text:That is very inappropriate. This must be very hard for you.	labels:It is, I try to let it go, but fail at times.
text:If your manager has a supervisor that you feel would not approve of this behavior, I would speak to them. If you don't feel that would be beneficial to you, you could reach out to your company HR department.	labels:Yes, I have that as my last resort. What do you think? Should I go ahead as I'm afraid my step may backfire me.
text:I would not be able to let this go either. I'm so sorry you're in such an unfair and unethical work environment. Do you know the supervisor well or interact with them? It could backfire if they both interact with this behavior. I believe you will make the right decision. If it does backfire, this is a toxic work environment and not a good fit for you.	labels:Yes. Thanks for your inputs. Feels better when you share with someone who has similar experience and can understand your situation.
text:You are very welcome. It does feel good to communicate with people who can understand how you feel. I wish you the very best of luck..	labels:Thank you so much. Take care. Be safe.	episode_done:True
text:finals are this week and i'm freaking out! hello.\nThat must be so stressful!! Have you started studying?	labels:Yes, I've been studying for weeks now.  But some of my professors give the oddest quizzes that seem to not match anything we've worked on! (2)
text:I remember when i was in school, finals were always so stressful. I used to make sure that i took breaks, it really helped me keep my head on straight..	labels:yeah, I can do that at times.  But I also work part-time while I'm in school.  I guess I should have planned ahead and taken this week off. (3)
text:You can even find time to relax without taking a lot of time off, do you have any exercise you like doing?	labels:not really.  I had Covid last month and my dr told me not to do anything more than walking for 3 months while my lungs and body recover.  So that's hard (4)
text:Oh wow, i'm so sorry to hear that! How are you feeling now?	labels:I'm ok.  But extremely tired.  The dr said the fatigue could take months to go away.  So it's a struggle with work and school. (5)
text:Have you tried meditating or mindfulness? When i broke my leg and couldn't exercise, it really helped me relax.. I'm sure! I'm very impressed that you are still wroking and in school despite being sick. You should feel proud of yourself.	labels:I have not.  I pray a lot and that does help.  Honestly it's the only relief I've gotten lately.  I have three more finals and a paper due by Friday.
text:Praying is helpful! Mindfulness goes very hand in hand with it, if you look online, there are tons of free midnfulness classes and guides. I think it could really help you especially before a test..	labels:I will look into it.  I had to go back to work before I was ready because I was out for 3 weeks with Covid.  And school is mostly all online so at least I don't have to go in (7)
text:That's really hard but i'm happy that you can stay home at least. HAve you been able to sleep and rest?	labels:yes my parents are making sure of that!  I'm lucky to have them.  I just need to calm down about this - it is what it is.(8)
text:That's great! Family is the best medicine for being sick and stressed..	labels:That is very true!  I would have been so scared had my mom not been here when I had covid.(9)
text:Do you get to talk to your parents often?.	labels:Yes, I still live at home :)  So pretty much every day!  If I can just get through this week I'll be able to rest a lot better I think. (10)
text:That's lucky! You;ll be great. Just be positive and study as best as you can. Since you've already been studying, you'll do great!	labels:thanks so much!	episode_done:True
text:Hello - I found out I'm losing my job in January.  I'm so very worried.\nOh wow, i am so sorry to hear that. You must be feeling so anxious and nervous..	labels:Yes, I am very nervous and worried about this.  It's not like the economy is great for finding a new job.
text:I know, it seems like everyone is in the same boat. You should know that you're not alone in this, i am so sorry..	labels:I don't even know what the next step I need to take is - I've never been without a job like this.
text:Have you tried reaching out to a career counselor or recruiter?.	labels:I tried the unemployment office but it's closed.  You can't get anyone on the phone and their offices are not open. I tried the unemployment office but they are closed.  You can't get anyone on the phone and the offices are not open.
text:That is awful, I know that my good friend was laid off recently. He has been using the time to worko n his resume but to also catch up on some family time. Have you been able to see any family?	labels:Not really, we've been staying away because of Covid, which I actually had last month.  I honestly think they are letting me go because I had to be out so much when I was sick.
text:Oh i'm so sorry. I didn't know you were sick. How are you feeling now/?	labels:It was really bad for while but I avoided the hospital.  Still I was out of work for 3 weeks.  Then when I come back they tell me that my position is being phased out..
text:That's so not right. I am happy that you are doing better now. It sounds like the job may not have been the right plce anyways if they are willing to let you go because of that..	labels:That's what my husband said.  Still it's really hard just contemplating finding another one.  I guess I do need to work on my resume. That's what my husband said.  I guess I do need to work on my resume.
text:You and your husband should try to do something to take your mind off it. You can try to do a date night or something. i Know that really helps me!	labels:8- He's so busy right now, he's an accountant and well end of the year stuff is piling up on him.  maybe we can plan something soon though. He's so busy right now - he's an accountant and well end of the year close stuff i guess. maybe soon though.
text:I know the feeling. MY husband is also in year end stuff piling up so it always feels like we don't get to spend time together. Try to carve a hour out on the weekend..	labels:yes i think we will try to do that - maybe he can help with my resume. yes i think we will do that - maybe he can help with my resume.
text:Definitely! it's always helpful to have another set of eyes on it.. I have faith that things will get better for you and try to focus on the positive. Like the fact that you have a husband who wants ot be there for you.	labels:10 - either way I hope that the unemployment office opens soon - I've got to figure out how to apply for unemployment if I end up needing it. 10 - either way I hope that the unemployment office opens - I have to figure out how to apply if i need it.
text:Have you tried checking online? sometimes if you google it, you can find message boards with more information on when itw ill be open.	labels:no, i haven't yet.  I guess I've just been so upset that beyond calling them I haven't taken that next step. not yet, i need to do that.	episode_done:True
text:hai.\nHello. Hope you are doing fine. How was your day. Can i help you with anything? I've been feeling blessed today. Are you doing good today?	labels:oh! tell about. i am much sad last 2 days. because of my partner brakeup issue.
text:Ohhh. Any specific reason or incident? I am really sorry to hear that.	labels:reason for i have more boy friends in my carrier. but i am good. my partner not believe me.
text:Having many boyfriend is not a big deal. I believe that you are good. Things tends to happens for the goodness.	labels:yes your good. i am only women in my office.
text:Thanks for the compliments. People have worst time to bring up the bright times. I totally believe in it. Ohhh really. But women have a equal rights as men.	labels:yes your corret i am equal rights as men. and then thanks for support my feeling.
text:Women's are succeeding in all the fields now a days..	labels:yes. but somewhat difficult in a days. but i believe after some days that issue will sloved.
text:I am glad that, I could able to help u. What kind of difficulties are u facing?	labels:my partner fight with me.
text:fight happens for? If you could tell me little bit specifically, I would be able to help u out.	labels:for some more mens coworker.
text:Ahhh. Are they distrubing u?	labels:something. but i love my partner.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How are you today?	labels:I am good, just feeling low.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Why are you feeling low?	labels:I just broke up with my boyfriend and the situation is honestly frustrating me.
text:Oh, wow that must be so hard. Breaksups are are always really difficult to process..	labels:Yeah, it is really draining and I don't know what to do?
text:Have you tried talking about the breakup? Sometimes letting it out really helps..	labels:Not really, I basically have no one to talk.
text:THat is so hard.  you can talk to me if you want, what was the cause of the breakup?	labels:We had an argument about money. He thinks I have been spending so much and he wanted me to stop his credit card. using**
text:Oof that is a tough one. Did you agree?	labels:I had to but it was not fair.
text:That seems very unfair. You can try talking to him about your feelings ina. calm way.	labels:I would try that and see if it can work out. I am afraid it might not. What other option can I use? Hello?
text:sory abut that. I think you should talk to him logically. Think through all the reasons why you shold be together and how this can be resolved. Like, you won't use his card anymore and you can work on a budget together..	labels:Thank you. Okay will do that.. I think that it.
text:Great, i think it will work out for you!! i have faith. I recently went through something similar nad it helped me..	labels:Thank you.
text:Anytime. I hope you guys can work it out.	labels:Yes, I hope we do..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you doing today?	labels:Hello. I am very unhappy.
text:Im sorry to hear that, would you like to go into whats causing you to feel this way?	labels:My bank account went into the negative this morning. I also keep having abandonment issuess with my boyfriend and I was supposed to leave Friday for Dallas, but with my bank account in the negative, I am scared.
text:Was this unexpected? As in, was there unwarranted withdrawals to your bank account?	labels:Yes it was.
text:Have you contacted your bank yet to see whats going on?	labels:Not yet I am going to soon.
text:I would get on top of that as soon as possible. They are usually very accommodating with things like that. Ive had false charges that returned quickly. Hopefully that can get you to dallas soon. Whats going on with your boyfriend though?	labels:He is struggling financially and wants to leave his apartment and I am supposed to be there Friday but things are a mess.
text:Im sorry i was confused before, so you are feeling as if you are abandoning him?	labels:More like he'll leave me.
text:He will leave you if you do not come and help? That does not seem very healthy. Cant he see you are doing everything you can to try to get to him now?	labels:No, he did not say that I just alway sfeel like someone is going to leave me because of past relationships and trauma.
text:Oh i hear you, i am sorry that you have been affected like that. Have you conveyed those feelings to him? Or have you spoken to a professional? I have had a very abusive relationship in the past. I couldnt get close to others until i spoke to my therapist. It was a long journey but i feel i am myself now though.	labels:Yes, I have he feels similarly. I may be talking to a professional on Wednesay because of group therapy.
text:Thats great, that one small step can really make a big difference. Everyones path is different but i hope it really helps you.	labels:I am sorry about the abusive relationship. Therapists ccan be a big help I am glad that I found one.
text:I thank you for that, but we are here for you now, heh. They can be, it really helps to lay all the pieces on the table and try to put everything back where it goes. Sometimes you just have to break it all down to build it back up.	labels:Yeah, that's true. You can break from something so bad and painful, but it takes a lot to get ack to being yourself again. Although, it's very important to do so.
text:Yea, you do come out stronger in the end though. Its a good fight to get into. You seem to be talking the steps you need to, which is very good, not many people can or are willing too.	labels:That's very true and they can be stubborn, it's important nto to be.
text:Well, i think its most people are afraid of what they have become but are more afraid of the hard work needed to get through. Its not easy.	labels:No it isn't. I remember doing homework packets the last time I went to therapy and it's not easy. Revisiting trauma isn't easy.
text:No its like living the nightmare all over again, except this time you know what happens. The one light at the end of the tunnel, at least for me, is knowing that alive right now to even think about it. It kinda helps in a weird way.	labels:That's true. There's a light in the darkness knowing you survived.
text:Yup, gotta take the small wins, let them build up. I hope us talking has been a small win.	labels:It has been, it's been helpful thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you doing today?	labels:hi not bad. about you.
text:Thats good to hear, whats on your mind?	labels:feeling depressed.
text:Im sorry to hear that, would you like to go into why you are feeling that way?	labels:here family issue going so depressed.
text:Thats unfortunate. Whats going on with your family?	labels:my dad not understand me.
text:Have you tried to have a real sit down with him and explain how he is making you feel?	labels:i love my dad so much but now a days my dad feel depressed so always angry with everyone. so i am not disturb.
text:Thats a tough cycle. I was in that with my mother. Unfortunately if they do not want to get the help, it wont really go anywhere no matter how hard you try. I would suggest that they try and talk to a professional though. Thats about all you can do.. As for yourself, i would focus on you for now, i would try to do something you enjoy. Get your spirits back up.	labels:i think he is mentally disturb so sometimes i manage and move on other time i feel not well.
text:Well reaching out and speaking about it, like you are doing right now, really does help. It can be really difficult to live with someone who has issues like that..	labels:yes i am mentally disturb now a days.
text:Then i would suggest to talk to a professional as well. It really does help to lay it all out on  the table and try to put the pieces back together..	labels:okay thanks for ur suggest.
text:Not a problem at all. Have you tried maybe going for a walk alone, clearing your mind, seeing where you are at?	labels:meditate myself.
text:That is very good, i usually dont ask that at first as hiking can be a form of meditation. You seem like you know the tools you can use to help yourself. Now you have to use them, right?	labels:i go to professional meditate class.
text:Thats great, do you feel like you are more centered, and feeling better, after a class?	labels:yes its one think i feel relax.
text:Great, how often do you go?	labels:more than 1hour.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:I'm good, I feel anxious whenever I think of my career.
text:I understand. I often feel the same when my day starts..	labels:people around me seems to achieve great things and get promoted but I am still at my current position.
text:Do you know of some triggers that might cause this anxiety?	labels:I fell like I am late on my plan.
text:That sounds like something that could cause anxiety. We all strive to be recognized for our hard work. Have you conversed with your boss?	labels:No i have not, I don't feel comfortable sharing this with my boss or coworkers.
text:It can totally be intimidating to speak to a boss about this topic. It's not always easy to be comfortable in this kinds of conversations. Do you think your boss might have a negative reaction if you were to have this conversation?	labels:It might, I am not sure but I don't think my boss will like the idea.
text:Sometimes it's important to remember that part of your bosses job is having this kinds of conversations, even though he might not like the idea.. It might be a good idea to have this conversation with your boss. Hold them accountable for this part of their job. Do you think this could be a good idea?	labels:You are right, I should let them know what I want too.
text:It sounds like this might be a little intimidating for you.	labels:I'm not a very direct person so I don't really like confronting. but I think i should have this talk with my boss.
text:It might feel that way. But if this is something that might benefit your future, it doesn't mean it's a confrontation. But rather, an affirmation of your skillsets.	labels:You're right, you make me feel better about the decision.
text:I am happy to know you will try this. I know you can do it!	labels:Thank you for your support.
text:It's been my pleasure. I wish you good luck!	labels:Can you give me an idea how to start the conversation?
text:Of course! It's always good to make a list before the meeting. List out your skillsets and how each of those skills provide value to the company. If you can demonstrate to your boss how you provide value to the company, it can give you confidence when taking the next step; asking for a promotion.	labels:What I'm worried is if they reject my suggestion, it will come back and bite me as they will think negatively about me.
text:It's normal to feel that way. As humans we fear rejection. It's not a pleasant feeling!	labels:thank you so much, I will start planning out what I need to talk about.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed..\nPlease tell me more about it, when did it start?	labels:It all started earlier this year. I live with my parents because I'm unable to care for myself , due to a disability. Well my dad has dementia, and my mom, who was the primary caregiver, was diagnosed with cancer. She's been in and out of hospital so now its up to me to keep everything afloat.,. I'm having a really hard time with it.. Between work, school, keeping up the house, and caring for my dad, it's a lot to handle..
text:That's very exhausting doing that much, I really feel bad for you, you're a strong person to be able to handle so much by yourself.	labels:Thanks. But I'm really not that strong. It's really exhausting and overwhelming. My depression and anxiety are through the roof, and honestly, I'm not sure how long I can keep this up..
text:Someone else would have collapsed already. Do you go outside a lot?	labels:I actually am not able to go outside. Its been a few weeks..
text:Maybe that's why your depression got worse. We need the sun and fresh air to feel better.	labels:i try to avoid going out at all. It's hard for me to get around. Even taking the bins out is a struggle. I can't even walk my dog. I just open the door and he goes out , does his business and comes back..
text:I understand it's hard for a person like you. However, as I said, from my own experience, staying indoor for a long period does more harm than good. You don't have to go far, even just out in your backyard to have some sunlight as the first step is good enough.	labels:maybe i will try that. little by little. I'm really scared of the pandemic. I don't want to get sick.
text:Just take one step at a time, I believe you can do it as long as you put your mind in. If you don't get close to anyone and wear a mask, you should be fine.	labels:Yeah, that is what they are saying in the news. It's just that folks out here are idiots and don't want to follow protocols. We are in a red zone where I live.
text:it's pretty bad here too but as long as you avoid crowded place, you'll be fine.	labels:Hopefully this is all over soon.
text:we have 3 vaccines candidates now so there's hope.	labels:This is true, but I hope they are researching and doing it right and not just trying to come up with a vaccine quick.
text:I don't think that's the case,, these companies know how much they'll have to pay if they rush and push out a defective product.	labels:Thank you so much for your advice and reassurance. I feel better about things now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How can I help today?	labels:I am worried about the security of my job in this economic climate.
text:I understand. We are in a time of change and uncertainty. Why are you worried about your job security? Is something going on with your job that makes you feel this way?.	labels:I am a gig worker paid by the job and recently I have not had as many gigs as normal. .
text:Understood. Your feelings are definitely valid.  Do you have a plan in place for supplementing your work? .	labels:I have put a lot of effort to get to my position.  I do not know where to begin in a new position.
text:Well I'm not sure what type of gig work you do, however, just the fact that you are a gig worker for a long time tells me a few things....1, you are a self starter 2. You have great pritoritizing and time management skills 3. You learn new things easily and with little instruction.  All of these things are skill sets that many employers find extremely desirable. . Perhaps try networking online to find opportunities related to your line of work, either in gig work or for a company. Perhaps even looking for an opportunity as a consultant..	labels:Yes, I guess these are helpful qualities.  I just don't know if I can find another gig to fit my schedule that I am excited about doing.
text:Perhaps thats where networking may help. If you are able to find employment that is similar to gigwork, you may be able to have a schedule to works for you..	labels:Unfortunately I have been so focused on my current position I have no network to speak of.  I am alone in my new search. .
text:I am not too familiar with gig work, but perhaps you know of a site that is similar to Indeed.com but specifically for your line of work or for gigwork .. What kind of work do you do?.	labels:Online teaching.  I have developed a strong foundation with the company I work for, unfortunately they are actually doing less business at this time.
text:Maybe you can develop your own courses ? Or, you can also become an online trainer for a variety of organizations. Since many companies are transitioning to a work from home environment, this is a great time to offer your training services to various companies..	labels:Yes, I guess there ar emany opportunities that might work.  Thank you for your help.
text:You are very welcome!	labels:I appreciate your help. I will take a look at what my options are. Have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, how goes?
text:I'm doing fine, you can tell me your problems.	labels:Well, you see when I was dating my ex she and I had a threeway with the woman who was living in my mother-in-law apartment at the time.   Well the ex and I broke up not too long after, and eventually the mother-in-law woman and I got married.   My ex lives next door though, and her and my wife bump into each other all the time and sparks tend to fly.  It's kind of awkward in the neighborhood.
text:Oooh that's a very complicated situation. They are both adults, I hope even with tension, they don't do anything inappropriate, do they?	labels:Well, the ex has gotten in the wife's face once or twice, but that's simmered down some.   Part of the problem also is that the ex is simultaneously one of the smartest people I've ever met, and also a pretty serious alcoholic.   So she's brilliant, but kind of emotionally stunted at the same time.
text:Ah, those people are the hardest to deal with. If it's too much, have you and your wife considered moving away?	labels:Oh I can't imagine ever moving.  We have a pretty terrific house.   Plus I bought most of the neighboring houses over the years, so now it's kind of a whole compound.   I don't know that there's any particular fix for this, it's just sort of something to live with I think.
text:I understand, you're in a very tough spot. Have your wife ever expressed her annoyance?	labels:Oh a little bit.  She's only mildly weirded out by the whole thing.   It's a shame the ex has to be kind of problematic about everything.   I mean otherwise we could all still hang out and whatnot.
text:That's not too bad then. Your wife seems to be mature and understanding. If you can't do anything to completely avoid your ex, maybe your best choice is to limit seeing her as much as possible.	labels:That's pretty good advice I'd say!  .
text:You and your wife can hang out a bit further from your home. It's inconvenient but at least your time won't be interrupted by your ex.	labels:Yes, that's a possibility as well I suppose. I think we're allowed to wrap this up at this point, if you like? Still with me? yooo hooo.
text:I'm here. Of course if you think you're good with my advice.	labels:oh ok, I think we need to chat a bit more in order to wrap things up.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how can i help you today?	labels:Just feeling sad.
text:Tell me more. What has you feeling sad?	labels:Not being able to leave the house with Covid. plus my hours were cut at work.
text:I completely understand. I am also going through the same. I have not left my house in weeks. While I am able to work from home, my hours were also cut.. What would help you feel better about the situation? What are you doing to pass the time?	labels:Yes it sucks.  I live alone now so there really hard sometimes. I tend to watch tv and lot and watch YouTube videos.  Nothing productive.
text:I also live alone. So I can understand how you are feeling. You are not alone in this situation. Although you may feel that way. Have you tried connecting with friends via text, video call, etc? Sometimes that helps, even if it's not the same as face to face..	labels:Yes, I have one close friend that I talk to every now and then.  Its not like it use to be.
text:Don't feel like you need to do a lot to be productive. Even getting up to watch tv is still getting up to do something. That's still a win..	labels:We used to be able to go out and have a few beers together.  .
text:That's good. Keep that connection. It's not going to be the same due to the circumstances. But at least you are seeking to keep that connection, and that is a good thing..	labels:I hope that this vaccine thing is reason and we can get back to the norm. .
text:What I found helped somewhat was joining a few social groups online. find something you like and find a group related to that. For example, I love horror movies, so I joined a horror movie group on Facebook. While it's not face to face, it is a good opportunity to just connect with others about a common interest..	labels:Good idea..
text:I am hoping they get the vaccine going as well. But I am hoping they get it right, and not just rush to get something out there that may or may not work..	labels:I like to do home repairs.  Maybe I can find a group for that.
text:Im sure you can! Maybe write a blog about the repairs you can do to your home, since you are there anyway.	labels:Do you use any other social media for connecting with new people.
text:I use Facebook, Instagram, and sometimes TikTok. You should do mini videos on easy things to DIY on TikTok.	labels:True.  I have to change out a few old style electrical plugs.  Maybe I can do something on that?
text:right! That is a great idea!	labels:I saw a few TikTok videos but never post a video.  Is it hard to post on there?
text:not really. what i do is record the video beforehand, and then upload it..	labels:Oh.  Okay.
text:But you can also record it straight to the app.. You can also do the same on SnapChat.	labels:I noticed all the videos are so short.  I think I will have to use YouTube for a longer video? I never used SnapChat.  Is that the one disappears after some time.?
text:Yes, if you are doing longer videos, I recommend YouTube. What you can do, is do a short clip on TikToc and then in that clip instruct viewers to follow your YouTube Channel. Yes Snap Chat dissappears after it's viewed.	labels:Wow.  Thanks for all the great information.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello! How can I encourage you tonight?	labels:I'm really anxious and I javen. haven't been sleeping lately.
text:So you have a lot on your mind and you are losing sleep over it?	labels:Yeah my company laid off 10% of the workforce last Friday and furloughed another 10%. I'm afraid I'm next.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. It can be a bit stressful to think you may lose your job..	labels:yeah my mind is racing and I can't stay calm.
text:I have found there are ways to calm myself down when things in my life seem very uncertain..	labels:Really? What seems to work? I'm willing to try anything right now.
text:I make a list of the things I can do - And the things I can't. Then you can have goals. And if you can work on a goal, for example, if you need to write a resume, you start working on that a little bit every day until it's done. But if there is nothing you CAN do about the situation, you have to pray to God to help you then LET IT GO. If you can NOT fix it now, you will only make yourself sick thinking about it..	labels:I know. I can't seem to shut my mind down. And not getting sleep doesn't help.
text:It is much more difficult for me to remain focused and positive when I lose sleep. I have had to focus on self care, finding a friend to talk about my problems with, not someone who will TELL me what to do, but support me. So you need a good support system. And I find things like prayer, Bible reading, nice soft sheets to sleep on and some herbal tea like Sleepy Time help me relax before bedtime. .	labels:Those are some helpful points. I didn't think about herbal tea.
text:And be kind to yourself, no one likes to lose a job, it's unsettling. Do try to tell yourself things that are true to encourage yourself, like you will find another job, it might be uncomfortable and hard, but it actually might work out for your good in the long term.  I always found better jobs, but at the time I lost my job, I felt as if the world was ending.	labels:Yeah I am really concerned because my wife lost her job this summer so I'm the only breadwinner at the moment.
text:You aren't in an easy place, but this can actually work out for your good.  I think if you focus on the GOOD that can happen, that might help your more. I would be concerned too, but if you even start looking for a job now, that might help you become more confident. I do encourage you to set goals.. I have found that the hard times are often stepping stones to better things, however at the time, all it feels like is hard times! lol. I'm an older lady - I'm almost 60. So I've had a lot of jobs, retired now, but I remember when my husband kept getting threatened with job layoffs. It was really disheartening for him.	labels:oh wow. yeah, I'm so stressed it's not funny.
text:If I had to do it over again, I would have encouraged him more to get that resume out and look for another job. The threat of losing his job was always hanging over his head. Yeah, it's not worth it my friend. Be pro active.	labels:I've been trying to look on job boards and company websites but it's hard to find something that is close to the same level of pay. So far the ones I qualify for I will have to take a 25% pay cut or more.
text:I would also encourage you to get outside and run, or walk or play with the kids or do exercise everyday, because if you are tired physically, that helps reduce stress and helps you sleep.	labels:Yeah I'll try that. Thanks for all the tips. They're very helpful.
text:Sometimes a pay cut in the right company is a stepping stone IN the door, My husband lost a lucrative job one time, he started at a company washing dishes in his 40s, I kid you not, but he wound up moving up and retired early.. He wanted to provide for our family, so he was willing to humble himself, Looking back, I'm amazed. But he moved up. Once in that organization, he had lots of open doors, so you never know what God has in store for you..	labels:Yeah but with my wife out of a job we can't afford for me to take a pay cut. We're already dipping into savings now.
text:I can understand that. Perhaps get together with her and look for ways to cut out spending. These are tough times. Even one car, or chicken instead of steak or canceling netflix or something like that. A few steps back is NOT failure, it can be prioritizing things in a difficult time..	labels:ok thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there. i am worried about my job as my company is restructuring atm.\nI'm sorry to hear that. How are you feeling about that?	labels:really worried and anxious. like i dont want to get up in the morning.
text:I hear you feel worried and sad. It must be hard.	labels:everyone is fighting and trying to get the good jobs.
text:That sounds very stressful. What is something you can do to get through your work day?	labels:i guess i just want reassurance that i will have a job still after christmas. i am worried as i have a family and money is tight.
text:I understand, I have faced similar circumstances. What can you do to prepare for a change one way or another?	labels:i guess i could look for another job.
text:Could you look at jobs you think you would like even more?	labels:or maybe learn a new skill. i really like my current job tho. i like the people who i work for. and work with.
text:Perhaps it is a chance to gain new experiences or find an even better company!	labels:i guess so but there are not may other companies where i lkive. live.
text:Sometimes for me I have to change how I look at the situation..	labels:such as?
text:When I think something is all bad, I have to look for the positive. I look at it as maybe you will find a great company that values it's employee's but you won't know unless you try.	labels:i cant see much positive as i like the job and the company and dont want to leave.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?	labels:hi i am okay, a little bit sad though.
text:Okay. I am very sorry to hear that! Do you want to tell me more about that?	labels:Well with the holidays coming up i have been very stressed and nervous about what i am going to do.
text:I really feel you there. Holidays are so hard.. especially with the way this year has been. Anything specific?	labels:Yes. I am a college student and I live on campus. The day before I moved in my dad said some unforgivable things to me and we haven't spoke since. I have no choice but to go live at home over the break but I am very scared about it.
text:Do you feel scared for your own self? Or of the situation in general? I'm sorry to hear that. Relationships with parents can be very difficult sometimes. I'm around college age as well and also live at home. So I can understand your struggle.	labels:more for the situation in general. i know we will not speak but we will constantly be running into each other, my house is not big. and i have no car to escape it.
text:It's like we live the same life. I also have no car to escape! It seems so small, but it's such a huge stressor when you feel trapped in an environment you're not positive in. I feel your pain and I empathize with you completely. It'll be hard but I hope you can make it through it throughout the holidays and enjoy yourself some. Are there any pros to going back home? Any pets?	labels:Thank you I appreciate that. I will be fine making it over the thanksgiving break but I am more nervous about covid-19 sending us home for good. Not many to be honest. I have a hamster but he is at school with me so nothing at home to go back to.
text:It sounds like Covid- 19 is going to be a personal stressor for you. It's such a strange thing to have to live with already, the pandemic, and i'm sorry that it might end up pushing you where you don't want to be. Could you bring your hamster home with you? Even the smallest things could help a place feel more loving.	labels:Yes it is very strange and I know that it is a big stressor on all of us, i don't want to sound selfish. Yes i am bringing him home with me so that is my little piece of joy that is coming along.
text:I don't think you're selfish at all. You have feelings you are entitled to have and are expressing them which is healthy and I encourage that behavior!. Good! I know how hard this situation can be. Very nerve wracking. The smallest things, even a hamster, can be so beneficial..	labels:Well thank you that does help me to feel better. Yes I am happy to bring him home with me and hoping I can have my niece over to introduce her to him.
text:You sound like a very determined person in making this trip as stress free as possible. I commend you for that! Maybe you could have your niece over often to play with your hamster just to soften the stress of being there.	labels:It is surely my goal! I appreciate your kind words. I would love that if I had a car I could do that but I am not sure how much she will be able to come to my house. I am going to try though!
text:Is Uber an option for you? I know there's a lot of rideshare services but they're not always financially reasonable. But that could be a way to get away if you ever need too!.	labels:that is very true i didn't even think of that to be honest! I may use that along the way, thank you for the reminder!
text:Sometimes I forget little things like that to help myself whenever I get too involved in the emotional aspect of things. I'm glad I could suggest it to you!	labels:Thank you! Well i appreciate your help a lot and hope you have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you tonight?.	labels:Hi, I am doing ok..
text:That's good to hear. Can I encourage you in some way?	labels:I am afraid about changing my job during COVID but I am not happy at my current job.
text:So you are unhappy at your job and want to do something else? What exactly are your fears? I have found writing out a pro and con list helps me -- On one side I look at the benefits, then I put the cons on the other side. They I weigh them, even if there are more cons, sometimes the PROS are much better.	labels:I am a helpdesk associate for a large telecom company. I don't like the hours and the pay here but I am afraid if I can get a job outside in this time.
text:I can understand that looking for a job can be stressful and challenging at this time, but one thing is for certain, you will never know if you don't try.	labels:I have tried the Pros & Cons method. Pros are better pay and hours, cons are tougher interviews and more rounds. Yes, I think I need to give a try but I lack the confidence to put my resume out in the market.
text:I like the "Do it afraid!" method. I can still try even if I feel nervous.  You really do not need confidence to put your resume out there, you just need to do it afraid. And when I "do it afraid" I realize it was easier than I thought..	labels:"Do it afraid"? Do you mean do it even if I am afraid? It sounds a bit too optimistic to me.
text:I used to be paralyzed with self confidence, but the truth is, your confidence doesn't come from your job, your confidence comes from being a lovable person. The confidence that you are the person you want to be. It sounds optimistic but it is the truth, when I step out to perform, I'm always nervous. BEING nervous looking for a job, that is NORMAL. To expect to feel like you are super confident is unrealistic. Most people are nervous, but they do it anyway.	labels:Ok, I think it makes sense. I may have to give it a try.
text:I always felt awkward and nervous looking for a job, I think I went to one interview calm and cool, in 30 years! Hahaha..	labels:I am a good team player, I don't have any inter-personal or communication issues. Just that I need to be at a higher pay to reach some financial goals.
text:You have nothing to lose, really, you have weighed out that there is only good things that can come, but you think you must "feel" a certain way. You don not have to feel confident, you just have to do the work. For example, you don't FEEL like walking your dog, changing a diaper or helping someone, but you DO IT anyway..	labels:Cool! I will try to get motivated and start applying. Your words are just what I needed in this gloomy atmosphere.
text:Inter personal skills can be learned. I was very shy as a child and I learned how to be more friendly. And I was VERY shy..	labels:Ya, I think the key is to keep my current job and start looking elsewhere. Last time I made a grave mistake of quitting my job and then searching! I was very new, and over confident.
text:I'm very outgoing now. I had to learn a lot of skills to be this way and I like myself more too. Hahah. I'm old though, 59. You have nothing to lose, consider it a learning opportunity. Life is a journey. We all make mistakes in the past.  I think you are very intelligent actually because you thought of the pros and cons.  You just needed a boost.	labels:Thank you sir, I will definitely try it! You have shared Pure words of wisdom.
text:I'm a lady! I pray to God and read the Bible and get wisdom there. Plus I have been to the school of hard knocks! lol. I'm a lady! I pray to God and read the Bible and get wisdom there. Plus I have been to the school of hard knocks! lol.	labels:Oh my apologies, mam!!
text:I look forward to your new job! And celebrate with you. Take deep breaths and forge ahead!!	labels:Definitely! Thanks a lot for your mentorship. Have a great week ahead :)	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.\nHey there! How are you feeling?	labels:I am very angry and not sure if I should feel that way. my husband tells me what to do where to go and when to go but he says. hold on please got go for a min.
text:Correct me if i'm wrong, but it sounds like your husband may be controlling you a little and you're expressing reasonable emotions because of it. and Okay!	labels:he said if he were controlling i would be givign him attention read between the lines. than he will say don't touch this like a cheesecake and than tell me week later make it.
text:Why do you think he talks to you this way?	labels:I am going to write stuff to move it up on screen  . he might come read this. so if isuddently leave i a m very sorry. My friends say because i allow him to control me and.
text:Okay that is perfectly okay. You are fine. If you need me to assist you in any way just send a question mark.	labels:dont stand up for myself and lalow him to treat me that way. I am angry too because I cant be free and express how I really feel. he has a disrespect i think for women in general and call them cunts. ?question. it wont let me just send aquestion mark.
text:I've been in a similar situation. I was with someone who was controlling in a lot of aspects so i can feel your pain and struggle. I can feel your anger too, and I imagine that it is alot. It is not your fault, and you aren't allowing this to happen to you. It is out of your control. Don't ever blame yourself. How can I assist you?.	labels:That makes me feel better.  How long were  you in relationship.
text:I was in it for two years before I broke away from it.  It was so hard but liberating to leave!	labels:ok I am glad for you..
text:I could suggest you see a private doctor to talk about this with, if that is something you are able to do. Or see one with your husband. Maybe he needs a third party to help mediate the problems you guys are having.	labels:he will not go to therapy nor am i allowed. I am lucky to have family friends whom I can talk to.
text:That's very hard to deal with. And I am so sorry you are dealing with this. Do you feel safe?	labels:but he thinks he is always right and blah blah blah. yes. My real concern is for the boys . they see him treating me this way and will think its ok. they even said something  disrespectful to me and hubby was like you don't talk to your mom that  way. or ill knock your teeth out. he wouldnt but he doesnt  see how its his fault.
text:I can tell this situation stresses you out and probably consumes a lot of your day to day energy. I sympathize with you and your children. What happens when you try talking with him about this?	labels:he says i m making a mountain out of a mole hill. and i have no idea what controlling is.
text:I commend you for speaking up for yourself despite his responses. I hope you hold on to that strength for as long as you can. It will empower you.	labels:well boys need to get ready for bed . thanks for listening. You can know I will be safe.
text:Okay I will be praying for you and I hope the best outcome for you possible. Please know there are domestic hotlines you can call if need be. I hope you enjoy your night.	labels:you too keep safe.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How are you tonight?	labels:I'm okay i guess. But I know my night will get worse as it goes on.
text:You think your night is going to have emotional upset? Do you fear you will not be physically safe?	labels:I know i'll be safe.. but I have depression and it affects me the most at night, every night. I feel like i can't escape it.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. I have struggled to deal with depression most of my life, so I know it can be debilitating, but I have found ways to help myself. Is there a specific problem making you depressed, or life in general?	labels:I'd love to hear them. There is one problem in general i'm having that i seem to have always had because of the Depression. I have an extremely difficult time falling asleep.. and whenever I do manage to fall asleep.. i wake up always feeling like crap. I never feel rested no matter how long i sleep.
text:I have had trouble sleeping in the past and sometimes I still do, usually if it is when I'm nervous about the future. The number one way I have had to help my depression is to pray and read scripture. I don't know if you are a Christian, but that has helped me a lot. The second way is to have a good friend who will listen, not someone who will TELL me what to do or judge me, but someone who can empathize with me. A good listener is worth her weight in gold.	labels:I've learned that mines not really an emotional thing. I feel like my sleeping issue causes my depression. Because no matter what- i always feel exhausted. Nothing has helped it besides medication. It just sucks always feeling fatigued and energyless. I actually did take up religion here this year to help with the coping that comes with this. It was very helpful for a while there.
text:If I didn't get good rest, then I would definitely feel tired the next day and over time, it would wear me out. I believe medication will help with the symptoms, but it is important to get the root of the problem, why exactly you find it difficult to sleep. Sometimes I take a benydryl because they always make me sleepy, but I usually know why I need to relax, I'm nervous about the next day. So I have found it important to know WHY I don't rest well, if that makes sense to you.	labels:I plan on seeing a sleep doctor soon! Sometimes I lose sight of fixing the issue and need to be reminded. And yes!! I was treating my sleeping with Benadryl as well but it wasn't healthy to keep doing that..
text:I'm also thinking there are a few practical ways you can help yourself sleep. I was advised to get soft sheets, make my sleeping area more restful, make sure the time before bed is relaxing and calming.. I also was helped a lot by a Christian Preacher, he's long dead, but he has audio on youtube -- Frank Hammond, Pigs in the Parlor. It's a 5 part series I found helpful, you might want to jot that down.  And I do encourage you to find a counselor, once you rule out the physical (doctor) then you can look at emotional, mental and/or spiritual. I think most of everything is spiritual and emotional to some degree, and our body just responds to that.	labels:I always lose sight of how to make things better. It really helps to talk sometimes so someone can help me put things into perspective. I'll look into Frank Hammond! I am actually religious and would love to look into that.
text:I will definitely pray for you tonight because I know losing sleep is hard to deal with. But please have hope, sometimes we go through these things to possible get to deeper issues that might need to be dealt with. We only have a few minutes here, but I'm pretty old and I have found this to be true so many times.  Get a good support system of good friends. Having people who "get" you is SO vital to our lives. And learning to be grateful helps too. And especially journal, find out what may be bothering you. I had some abuse issues and that is why I had a hard time resting. I also would wake up in the middle of the night and obsess over problems with people. I had a lot to work through, but most nights, I sleep restful now. It may take time. I have hope for you! :D.	labels:That sounds very similar to my situation! I always had some abuse issues. Thank you so much . Talking to you made me feel a lot better.
text:Oh, sometimes I would drink Sleepy Time Tea, be kind to yourself. God bless, I'm glad I could encourage you. Sometimes it is really hard to push through difficult times!.	labels:I'll look into that tea! Thank you so much. God bless.
text:Thanks you too! We are all blessed when we help each other! Have a great night..	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:HI, I need help, I have been feeling very down lately.\nOkay, how can I help you?	labels:I just wanted to talk to someone.
text:Is there anything particular that has got you feeling down lately?	labels:I feel like I am in a rut. .
text:Its always good to have someone to talk to, I am happy to help. I have felt stuck many times, so i can understand that.	labels:What did you do to get out of the rut.
text:Well I had to sit down and think about why I was stuck and tried to come up with as many options as I could to be unstuck, then i put them in order based on which I thought would work best. It took quite a few of them, but I did finally get unstuck.	labels:I can try doing that.
text:Every one is different, but it is worth a shot, might help the rut your having, might also give you new ideas that will help you decide on how to not feel like your in a rut anymore. Sometimes just talking to someone can help too, bouncing ideas off of each other can help in some cases.	labels:True,  I have been avoiding most people..
text:Its hard to talk about certain problems, so I can't blame you, however you can get some good ideas from others. You might have just needed some space to evaluate your situation, nothing wrong with taking a break from things or people if it helps you.	labels:I will try reaching out to my sister tomorrow.  maybe she can help. I also feel embarrassed that I feel so unhappy..
text:From chatting with you I can tell you might be ready to start talking and maybe get some help or advice, family is a great start they are typically a great support system. It is okay to feel embarrassed but being unhappy will eat at you, sometimes its good to set our pride aside so that we can figure things out. In my situation of feeling stuck I was ashamed that I sat and let people treat me so badly but it wasn't until I seen it as a problem that I started making my lists and getting advice. Some things we do on our own and some its good to have people to help. I think reaching out to your sister would be worth a try, she might also have different ideas and suggestions you haven't thought of yet.	labels:Thanks, you have been a lot of help.
text:Thank you for chatting with me, I am glad to help. I hope you have a great day! Stay positive!	labels:I will try and you have a nice day too. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you doing today?	labels:a bit concerned as I am afraid that my job will let go more staff like they did a couple months ago.
text:Ah im sorry to hear that. Best advice i can give is to play for exactly that..	labels:I am afraid id they let more people go I may be let go as well.
text:Like maybe get your resume cleaned up, cast some lines out for employment now, checked linkdin, worst come to worst, make sure you know how to fill out unemployment for the future. If you have a plan already it will ease some of that anxiety that will come from this tough situation.	labels:At my age,  i fo not want to look for another job,  i prefer to stay at this job until I retire.  So that makes me anxious.
text:Unfortunately, life doesnt always do what we want. What we can do is plan ahead though. It will make you less anxious if you know you have a back up plan.	labels:I hate the thought that i may have to start over.
text:I know that is a really rough thing to go through. Do you have anyone at home you can talk to as well? Just letting it out helps sometimes.	labels:No,  I do not,  but I can call a friend.
text:It might make you feel a bit better, maybe they can give you some perspective as well..	labels:I did talk to a friend and that made me feel a little better,  but only for a while.
text:Its not something that will go away instantly, its something you have to work at. If it is really affecting your life in a negative way, talking to a therapist might really help you.	labels:OK,  that sounds like a good idea.
text:Im glad you think so.	labels:I will try that and see if my anxiety go away.
text:Im glad, before then, what helps me calm down is going for a nice hike or run. It really lets me clear my head. Do you have anything you like to do to recenter yourself?	labels:yes,  exercise.
text:Good, dont forget to keep that as part of your routine!	labels:thank you.
text:You are very welcome!	labels:you were helpful.	episode_done:True
text:how can i find a jobs in my area. What kind of jobs open right now.\nHave you tried the classified ads?  Or check on facebook for a jobs page in your area?	labels:No.
text:I would suggest starting with one of those options. . do you have a resume?	labels:I don' t have resume.
text:I would suggest you type one up, most employers want an application and a resume.	labels:I will need somebody type one for me.
text:Perhaps a friend can help you, if not they have programs on the web to help assist with that.	labels:Thanks so much..
text:Have you been out of work for a while? your welcome.	labels:Yes, I did,.
text:Are you saying you have been out of work for a while?	labels:Yes, but I have something to do at home.
text:Okay, are you saying your working from home?	labels:I have to take care my grandson.
text:Then perhaps you should look for part time work.	labels:No, I have to stay with him, he can not go to school.
text:I am a little confused.  Are you looking for employment or not?	labels:No, Not this time until school open.	episode_done:True
text:hey How are you today.	labels:hi, im ok. how are you? covid has be depressed.
text:Im doing okay , just hanging out and ah i feel that its tough times for alot of people right now. whats been bothering you?	labels:extremely tough times.. the fear of the unkown, is whats so depressing. and not being able to be in control, just cautious.
text:ah i get it, its really weird but tough times, i recently lost my job because of this second wave its hard and ah yes wondering and worrying makes it hard. have you tried to practice any mindfulness ?	labels:sorry to hear this. we have never experienced this before. all of this is new. .
text:i get it, its hard to relax and get away from it. i been trying to keep busy and stay away from the news as much as can. yes its very weird. got to stay strong!	labels:yes, maybe that's what i need to do, stay away from the news. because the news is so depressing..
text:it will end one day and well be relieved. yea try to fill yourself with positive news or watch a movie read a book stay off social media abit helps me. music helps me alot.	labels:relieved is the right word. I just dont even know where this came from. i listen to music alot, it is somewhat comforting for me.
text:yea music is healing for sure. yea it sucks that unknown and not knowing enough.	labels:i need to exercise, havent done that yet..
text:exercise is great for the mind take a walk or jog a hike in nature or a park.	labels:yes, the would make me feel better. i like playing volleyball. but its hard to do that these days.
text:yea try to do something like that tomorrow and ah i love volley ball but yea thats hard now.	labels:my favorite sport. i will try.
text:great sport for sure and yea you got this just remember it will help.	labels:i feel better already.
text:awesome im glad.	labels:after talking to you, i really dont have anyone to talk to about this.
text:well thats what im here for and happy could help i know what that is like. you got this though keep pushing , exercise is great for depression.	labels:Yeah, i didnt think talking to you would help but it definitely relieved some stressed.
text:YAY! <3.	labels:thanks ..good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:I don't know..
text:Do you mind me asking what it is that caused you to reach out to someone for support?	labels:When I first called this number a voice said to state what the problem. Do you have that information?
text:I'm not aware of there being a phone number for you to call. This is a task that is supposed to be done via Amazon's Mechanical Turk platform. I believe you're supposed to tell me what the problem is. Then, I will help you through it as best as I can.	labels:Give me a minute and I'll restate it okay?
text:That sounds good!	labels:Friday while out doing last minute Thanksgiving shopping I got a call from my best firend's that my best friend was rushed to the hospital. I hung up and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my fiance and my best friend's family were all there. Hold on let me finish.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Take your time!	labels:The sister told me my friend has advance Kidney Failure and could die at anytime. I just saw my best friend Thursday and she fine. The sister also told me my friend has AIDS and hasn't been taking her medicine. My jaw dropped because this is my best friend. She went on to say I need to get  tested because my best friend and fiance has been having an affair. I couldn't believe anything she was saying. I confronted my fiance know he would say it wasn't true. He didn't deny or confirm anything. He kept saying he was so sorry. I've been at moterl since Friday after i ran from the hospital. I don't know if my best friend is dead or where my fiance is. I'm scared and mad. I dont know if my best friend is dead or alive. I don't want to see my fiance because him being at the hospitalbefore me verifies what the sister said. How couldthey do this to me. There was nothing I wouldn't do for either of the two of them and this is how they repay me? I know its wrong but there 's a part of me that wants her and him to die.
text:Oh my goodness. I am so incredibly sorry that all of this happened to you. I can tell that you are completely overwhelmed with emotions right now.	labels:With all the crap happening in the world this had to land on my head. WHY? WHAT DID I DO?
text:I don't believe that you did anything wrong whatsoever. Sometimes, really unfair things happen to really good people. I can't even imagine how hard this must be, but I would try to look at it in a positive way. I know that losing your best friend and your fiancé must be devastating, but at least you now know that your fiancé is someone who you most certainly probably don't want to spend the rest of your life with. I've been cheated on myself, believe it or not, and it was my daughter's father and my best friend. I can't believe how similar our stories are. I'm not even kidding! I refused to get back together with him (we were engaged at one time as well) and because I refused to get back together with him, he got my best friend pregnant and they are now together and recently had a second child. He has completely forgotten that our daughter exists.	labels:Were you married to him?
text:I think I would start by putting your own health first and getting yourself tested to make sure that you haven't contracted anything from your fiancé. I know this will be incredibly hard, but I wouldn't want to see you getting sick and suffering as a result of his infidelity. No, we were not married. We were together for almost 7 years and engaged at one point, but I broke it off after he cheated on me. He cheated on me several times. It's the worst feeling in the world.	labels:I'm scared to get tested. What if it comes back positive? Was the child he had a boy or girl?
text:I would be scared, too. However, it's better to act now because to my knowledge, the sooner that you find out and treat it, the better the chances are of you treating it. There are a lot of new medications out there that can be used to treat HIV and AIDS.	labels:Have you been tested for AIDS? What do they do when you get tested?
text:I know that their first child is a girl. I'm not sure if their second is a girl or a boy. I haven't spoken to him in several years. I found out through a friend about their second child. We haven't spoken at all since I found out about the first one. I have been tested for all STDs because I was cheated on. All of mine came back negative. All they did when I got tested was bloodwork. Have you thought about reaching out to a therapist or counselor who could help you to work through your feelings and everything that you're dealing with?	labels:Didn't you say you have a daughter by him? And you haven't talk to him since he cheated? What about your daughter feelings? She has a right to know her father doesn't she?
text:I am so incredibly sorry that you have to deal with all of this at all but especially at the start of the holiday season. My heart absolutely breaks for you. Yes, we have a daughter. He spent the first eight years of her life in prison. I gave her the choice as to whether or not she wanted to get to know him. He had plenty of opportunities to speak to her and chose not to call or show up when he was supposed to. The last thing she said about him was, "All he does is lie to me and break promises. I don't want to see him or talk to him anymore."	labels:And no I haven't thought or going to therapy. I'm not the one who cheated on anyone and this just happened Friday. I didn't  know where to start. So I called here. Are you or your daughter in therapy?
text:I'm a great mother and I always put my daughter's feelings first. She made the decision not to see or speak to her father. Him and my now ex-best friend are on drugs and don't have custody of their own children. It's in my daughter's best interest that she doesn't know him. Yes, we are both in therapy. It helps immensely. I know that you weren't the one who cheated, but I would still highly recommend talking to someone about what happened. This is going to be very hard to get through. Again, I am incredibly sorry that you are going through all of this. Our chat session will only last for a total of about 30 minutes. This is meant to be a one-time task, unfortunately.	labels:I'm not sure if you can help me because I've never did drugs.
text:I never did drugs either. My daughter's father did. He still does, and so does my best friend. They lost custody of their kids. I have custody of my daughter. Anyway, I hope that you eventually become more open to talking to a therapist on an ongoing basis. I hope you have a Happy Thanksgiving.	labels:Oh okay. I hope you and daughter have a nice holiday. My plan for the holdiay was to tell my fiance he's going to be a father and my best that she was going to be a Godmother. Now I don't know. It was nice talking to you. Good luck to you and your daughter.	episode_done:True
text:HI there, How are you doing today?	labels:Its hard for me to find a job. things could be doing better. it's been a bad week for me.
text:I understand that, it is hard to find a job. I got terminated during the beginning of covid.	labels:Yea, i got laid off in July. the market has been tough.
text:I actually took a job at walmart just to make ends meet. Not the best situation but hey, my family can eat.	labels:thats good. i'm an engineer and i would like to take another engineering role. but they are hard to come by now adays.
text:Yea, would you consider doing something lesser for now just to make sure you have some income coming in? Or do you still collect unemployment at least?	labels:yes, i still get some unemployment which helps. i've done many interviews.
text:Thats good at least. Well, its great you are being proactive about it! I hate saying this but, just hang in there and keep moving on.	labels:yes. so i'm hoping to find something soon before the holidays. yes thank you. i just want to be able to buy presents for my family. and make it to 2021.
text:I hear ya, im doing everything i can to make a bit of extra money just so my kid can have a semi normal christmas!	labels:yes exactly, i have two young ones. its already hard for them to be at home all day and zoom for school. i just want to make this christmas specia. so its been a bummer with covid going on.
text:Yea i feel so bad for her. Thing is so presents arent everythign. Since you got little ones might be time for some new traditions. Make some "igloo" forts and have an indoor snowball fight with balled of socks or something like that.	labels:thanks.  well i'm going to have to continue looking for jobs on linkedin. thank you for your time.
text:Thanks for sharing!	labels:any other advice to offer me. before i go.
text:Hmm lets see, more a fun thing to do then advice, my daughter saw some xmas dessert she wants to make. Its pretty simple. Get some candy canes and poke em into marshmellows. Melt some chocolate and dip the marshmellows into them. Cover with sprinkles and let harden. Might be a fun thing to do. Id focus on experience over material this holiday.	labels:awesome. those are some great ideas. and not cost a lot of money.
text:Yea, i hope things work out for you!	labels:thanks. have a good day. good sunday.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing okay, but having a hard time resolving some negative feelings.
text:What are these feelings related to?	labels:Well during the pandemic, my sister and my brother in law got a divorce and my sister needed a place to stay and she stayed with my parents and myself with her daughter (my niece)
text:Im sorry for that, so added stress with her and her daughter being around?	labels:and my sister took advantage of my parents and I feel like she tried to use me to get my parents to give her money and when I put my foot down the whole family got into a fight and She flipped us off laughed and said we'd never get to see her daughter again. It's hard to explain. Her daughter and I hung out every day more than anyone else in the family hung out. I watched her. She always wanted to be with me and play games and talk with me. The day she left she drew me drawings saying 'I love you' and she told everyone she meant 'I love you' the most about me. and I cried and had a lot of anxiety symptoms afterwards because I'm literally not allowed to talk to her and I just feel she's in a negative place.
text:That is really rough and im sorry that your parents are taking sides and not looking at this from the whole situation. So she is not there currently?	labels:No she is not. My parents gave her like 5-7 thousand dollars  and my grandma is giving her money every month. But just friday I was getting her stuff ready to pick up and I found like 700 dollars of clothes with tags on them and tons of expensive makeup and creams barely used. I just worry a lot about my niece she is so sweet, funny, and smart and she's living with someone who makes horrible decisions. sorry I'm talking a lot but just kinda unloading.
text:Well i can see you really care for your niece. It also seems like your sister is a toxic person who is using your family. It may be rough not being able to see your niece but it might be better for your own well being to have this space from her. No keep going, sometimes just getting it out there helps.	labels:Yeah, I think you are right, I am more productive and have more self esteem since she has moved out. But it's a tough loss. I do appreciate you listening.
text:Yea usually never anything good about loss. I am glad you are doing better now though. Hopefully she can turn herself around. Oh not a problem at all!	labels:Yes. I don't have hope about that. But I guess people can change. Well thank you for the conversation. I hope you have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:I am okay, I am very worried about my friend.  I believe she is abusing prescription drugs.
text:Oh no, why do you think she is abusing them?	labels:I don't think it, I guess I actually know she is.  She use to have a  heroin problem and went on methadone.  She has since started taking anxiety medicine in order to get high.
text:Thats a tough spot to be in, ive actually been both sides of that coin.	labels:I think I know what I need to do, It is just hard.
text:It is hard. Unfortunately you can only try to direct them to stop for so long before it can really damage your own well being, which should come first.	labels:I agree, and after going through this in the past with her, I just can't sit and wait for the train crash.  she feels like she is doing nothing wrong because she has valid prescriptions. I feel like I should just cut her off completely, I don't have time for her drama.  What do you suggest?
text:I would actually suggest just that. If you have tried, or do not even feel like going down that path. Then that is your decision. You should look out for yourself!	labels:True, I definitely do not need to be caught up in her mess.  I have too much to lose.  I just feel bad like i am abandoning her..
text:The thing is with drugs, that person already abandoned themselves. Sometimes they can get the help they need, but they need to do it on their own terms. Its kind of like a blackhole where everything gets sucked into their life.	labels:True, I know she has to want to help herself. I hate this disease.
text:Me too, i dont know how many bridges i burned all those years ago..	labels:Probably a lot, hopefully you made amends.  I will talk to her and tell her I am here for her if she decides to get clean.
text:Thats really all you can do. I made amends with those that would listen.	labels:I will talk to her tomorrow, thanks.
text:Not a problem, thank you for sharing!	labels:bye and thanks for listening. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhi, how are you doing today?	labels:i'm ok. how are you?
text:I am doing well, dis you have something you wanted to talk about?	labels:yes, see me and my boyfriend are planning to move out of state and we chose May as a move date. i however have been thinking that since I have family where we are going that we could leave earlier granted we have everything together. I'm not sure how to ask him or talk to him about it. Any ideas?
text:So you guys are planning on moving in May, but you would like to go now.  your afraid to ask him. why do you think this would be an issue?	labels:I'm not afraid i just don't want to seem like i'm rushing things. I think because i am in the process of finding a job and he is working r n. And I don't know if we would have enough yet. What would u do?
text:Has he already given his work notice that he is leaving in May?	labels:Not yet. We just put in app in for a place. So were waiting to hear back.
text:I would suggest waiting until you find out if your application is approved.	labels:Good idea. It's my first time doing one of those so idk how long it takes to get approved. How long does it take mostly?
text:I assume that could vary, maybe 4 weeks. .	labels:Yeah.
text:I would bring it up after you are approved, then maybe suggest you going so you can line up employment.	labels:True. That's a good idea. Thank you for your help. I just have this as my main income r n. It's not much but every little bit helps.
text:Okay, then  one of you will have income and then he can find a job later.	labels:Yeah wait do people see Mturk as a real job though?
text:Good luck with everything. I am not sure.	labels:Thank you good luck in your life too. You would think so.
text:Bye.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you today/	labels:I'm OK, but really nervous/scared. My boyfriend is having surgery this week for a serious cancer. Over the last week or two, he can barely eat. And sleeps all the time. I just want him to feel better, but the surgery is scary.
text:Oh wow, i'm so sorry. That's really scary..	labels:It is. And it happened so fast. He was really just fine in July.
text:It seems like he was in a lot of pain adn discomfort so surgery should really help..	labels:That's what we are hoping. He was sort of stubborn about talking to the surgeon this week for advice, but finally listened to me.
text:Yeah, it really comes out of nowhere. MY mother was diagnosed with cancer last year and it felt so out of nowhere and unfair.. Good thing he has you! he's lucky to have someone like you in his corner..	labels:Doesn't it? So you understand. You can feel so helpless.
text:I do understand. It's really hard. THe only thing that you can do is try to stay positive as cliche as that sounds..	labels:I think it helps him if I do. He will be in the hospital for 1-2 weeks.
text:You aren't helpless! So much of this is mental and you being there for him is more helpful than you know.. Will you be able to visit him in the hospital?	labels:I'm a little nervous about what kind of help he'll need when he gets home. Yes! I'm so relieved, with the covid restrictions. but I can. I think only one visitor at a time, but he moved her to be close to me (met long distance), so his closest friends aren't local. The ones he'd want to visit.
text:Thank god! That will make such a big difference for both of you. Being alone would be scary.. Well he clearly loves you! I am happy that he's getting the treatment he needs and has someone so supportive like you helping him..	labels:Thank you... it really helps to talk to someone. I worry about stressing out friends. Plus sometimes, they just don't know what to say, especially if they haven't known someone who has gone through it. How did your mom do? If you don't mind my asking.
text:Your friends probably want to be there for you, don't be stressed about that. They just may need some guidance on how to be there for you .. My mom is doing great! Still in treatment but doing so well..	labels:OH, thank goodness. I'm happy for both of you. It's just a strange year. I lost both my dogs to cancer in six months, then this. Then my cousin died of pancreatic in July. Plus some other acquaintances. It's just felt like a lot. Did your mom have trouble eating? And tons of fatigue?
text:Oh wow, i'm so sorry. You've had a really tough year. You really deserve a break. She did ! Especially when she was in treatment..	labels:Right, and as I bet you can relate, breaks are hard to get in COVID days. that's what's scary, is right now, he's not in treatment. They think because of the cancer's location and the type, that surgery is the better option. So it's really just the cancer that is doing this to him.
text:Definitely hard. You'll have to try to find something for you to relax. Even if it's just walking or reading..	labels:That's one thing COVID has been good for. Lots of long walks with friends.
text:Yes! Definitely..	labels:And I do have a young dog now who is a big help too. :)
text:Dogs are the best!! Mine gets me through everything..	labels:It turned out, I got this boy between losing the two I mentioned. I am so very thankful I got him when I did and wasn't totally without a dog. He's been a lifesaver. Even though puppies are crazy.
text:I'm sure!! Enjoy him. It's great for stress relief. ANd having a puppy is a great distraction..	labels:Now just need to get through this week. But another weird blessing about covid is I am not stressed about thanksgiving plans on top of the surgery.
text:You definitely will, you seem like you are very strong..	labels:I really appreciate you saying that.
text:It's true! i hope this has been helpful..	labels:I try to be, for him. Every so often, I hear a song and want to cry.
text:Crying can be therapeutic so that's good!	labels:I should take a bath and cry now! Thank you so much. You've been a true help. Have a nice holiday, if you're here in the States.
text:You too! hAppy thanksgiving!!	labels:Take care.	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you?	labels:Hi, I am feeling sad. My friend's father passed away day before because of COVID-19 disease.
text:I could see how that would be very upsetting and make you sad.. do you have family near by for comfort and support?	labels:Yes, my friends has flown back. But I could not go because of all the restrictions. I am unable to pay last respects in person that was very close to me.
text:im so sorry to hear of this issue. do you have other outlets like getting out into nature? i find a good walk or a nice book helps with easing my mind.	labels:I could try distracting myself. But my main worry is what if my parents catch corona-virus? The thought makes me very nervous and depressed.
text:i could see why that may worry you. as it would worry me also. as my parents are older in age and i have young children. i just realize that life must go on regardless of given situation. always look to the positive. it is best to find something to ease your mind rather it be facetiming family, reading, yoga, or even getting fresh air. hows the weather where you are located?	labels:I am in mid-west Canada and it's snowing like crazy. Winter has arrived already with full force. Going out is not an option. So I am trying to watch some movies or study some research papers for my semester exams. But there are many disturbances and I can't focus.
text:oh goodness, im in the deep south. even tho its close to winter it definitely does not feel that way.. what are some disturbances that you deal with currently?	labels:As I told, the thought that my beloved parents or family members catching covid, and the thought of going back to my country in case of emergency keeps playing on my mind.
text:remember as long as your parents remain safe they will be fine. you will be fine. we all will be fine. research has shown that majority of people who have caught covid have recovered with no issues. i myself have had covid and i am here.	labels:Good to know about your recovery. Thanks for the information. Is COVID as bad as it sounds?
text:it is bad but recoverable. alot of coughing and alot of sleeping. high fever. but a family member of mine who is 74 caught it. he has diabetes,obese and has heart trouble. he made a full recovery with no issues.	labels:That is good to know. My parents don't have any underlying health conditions except a little blood pressure. I hope they will remain fine. I thank you whole heartedly for your information and suggestions. Have a great evening. Please take care and stay safe!	episode_done:True
text:I'm stressed about COVID.  I'm worried about getting it and having to stay home and lose money.\nSo COVID has been especially hard on you?	labels:My husband has been laid off for 2 months and unemployment benefits only cover half of what he was making.
text:Just hearing that, I can imagine what a scary time this is.	labels:Yes, and I have lots of kids and they are working in essential services so not only do i have to worry about covid but i have to worry about my kids getting covid. i can't wait until this pandemic is over and things can get back to normal.
text:Do your kids understand how helpful wearing a mask can be?	labels:They do.  They wear masks while at work but they still have boyfriends and they don't wear mask with friends or boyfriends.
text:So sometimes you worry that they aren't doing enough to protect themselves.. I know I'm more worried about others than I am about myself right now.	labels:Yes, and they are young so they do not understand how important it is to practice social distancing and wear a mask.  We have had so many covid tests.  Luckily they have all been negative.
text:Maybe just reminding them that wearing masks protects both them and others could help? They sure wouldn't want to infect you or your husband, or others.	labels:I do but they are young and the young are selfish.  I'm not worried about getting covid.  I'm worried about having to quarantine at home and not work.  i supervise 15 people and if I get exposed I can't work for 3 weeks.
text:That is really relatable. I can understand how scary it is for you, especially with your husband's pay cut. What if you talk to a close friend when your anxiety is especially difficult?	labels:Yes, there is nothing to do but keep putting what foot in front of the other and doing the next best thing.
text:And with the holidays, I think it's really hitting a lot of us even harder right now. I feel that way too. Have any of your coworkers gotten covid?	labels:Right.  I hope we make it through the holidays without the pandemic getting even more out of control than it already is. I have had some coworkers at my location exposed to COVID and have to quarantine.  At some of our other locations I have had coworkers get COVID and have to quarantine. My workplace is safe with PPE so I do not worry about getting covid from coworkers.
text:I'm glad you're safe in that regard.. Is your husband working out of home or out in the field/office?	labels:I had one poor coworker get exposed to covid twice.  She has been gone off and on for over 2 months. My husband does construction and has been laid off for a couple of months.  Construction has gone down because of the pandemic.  Everyone has put a halt to projects.
text:Oh, I understand now. I thought he still how part time work. I can imagine how scary that is for you.. My husband's work was at a standstill until summer. It is better but shows signs of slowing down too.	labels:It is worse because it is the holidays.  Christmas presents and all.  Yes- the work situation is definitely not good. I'm lucky because my employer is weathering the pandmemic pretty well. We are staying employed- just no annual raise but I'll take a job instead of a raise.
text:So you're at least assured your income will be OK. That is very good news. Maybe this is a good year not to worry too much about presents?	labels:It is so at least things aren't as bad as they could be.  i actually feel better talking about this. Thanks for everything and good luck in the future.	episode_done:True
text:Hello,is anone there?\nYes sorry, the app was misbehaving. How are you doing today?	labels:I don't know. I'm shaking because I don't know what I'm going to do.
text:Im sorry to hear that, but going to do about what situation specifically?.	labels:I know you're busy prepping for the holiday but I described my problem earlier. It should be listed either at the top or on the left side of your screen. I know you're probably prepping for the holiday. I didn't mean to interrupt your Sunday.
text:Im sorry but we do not get those promps. We just get to talk pretty much, we have to find out whats going on. You are not interrupting anything.	labels:Here! Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April 2020 I lost my job due Covid 19. My unemployment is ending and my savings are depleted. I've recived an eviction notice and don't know what to do. Help! Have you ever been evicted?
text:Where are you that you are able to be evicted? You should not be able to be evicted from your home during this time in pretty much every state. Have you tried contacting anyone for help other than your landlord?	labels:I'm still in my condo but I no longer have a job, umemployment has run out and my savings are all gone.
text:Well the plus side is they cannot kick you out right now. Have you talk to your landlord about working out some payment arrangement. Have you tried applying for any job?  Now is not the time for pride to get in the way, i would accept anything.	labels:When you say work out a plan what do you mean? I have no job. I have been applying for jobs but I haven't received a callback or an offer of employment. Have you ever been in this situation? Also, I'm calling a helpline so Pride is not my issue.
text:I have but the referendum on evictions with covid makes this situation different. I am sorry if that pride comment came off as crass. I was just trying to say desperate times come with desperate measures. They could work out a way you can pay extra monthly when you get back on your feet.	labels:It's kind of hard to work out a plan when you don't know where your next meal is coming from don't you think? Do you know anything about the eviction process and where do people go once they have been evicted. Who is this they that your speaking about? I don't mean to be crass either but I have never been jobless or homeless either. So I'm desperate here and don't know what to do?
text:Your landlord. I worked out a way with payments when i was furloughed from my job. And yes i was actually homeless many years ago so i do know what it feels like to miss out on meals for a days at a time. It seems you should look up evictions during Covid. They are not allowed to throw you on the street as long as the pandemic is going on..	labels:How did you eat and where did you sleep when you were homeless? How long did it take to end your situation? If you were homeless what did you say to your landlord that they still put you out? Where did you wash up or brush your teeth?
text:Oh for my situation it was 100% my fault i was in a bad place during that time. I spent my time couch surfing til my friends got tired of me. Bounced around shelters after i sold my car. Washing up and brushing my teeth were the least of my problems.. May i ask what state you are in?	labels:I rather not say. But thank you for you for sharing and i hope you and your family have a good Thanksgiving.	episode_done:True
text:hi, how are you?. My friend, My best friend, has a new friend and hardly has time for me anymore, we have been friend for over ten years. this hurts.\nI am sorry for my late reply, i did not hear the chat go off. Ive actually had that same situation happen to me before..	labels:its so annoying and hurtful.
text:Yeah i can tell you something you might not want to hear but it ended with us ending our friendship on that level.	labels:i definitely do not want to end our friendship, that would be even more painful.
text:I didnt end it but we grew apart as people do over the years. We still hang out but it isnt like it was before. People move on to others and it hurts. They usually are not trying to hurt us though.	labels:I know, but its hard when you are the one still stuck, Im not ready for change..
text:Yea it was hard for me too. Thats the thing about change it just happens. I would do something focusing on yourself. Trying to make yourself feel better.	labels:i could try to focus on myself.
text:Everyone needs to and everyone forgets too heh.	labels:I agree, i need to focus more on myself.
text:Good, im glad you can realize that! Some people cant.	labels:its hard to but I know that its time to focus on me more.
text:Great, any ideas on what you would like to focus on?	labels:focus on me, doing things by myself instead of with my friend. going to eat, spa time, me time, only with me. then allow myself to make new friends. do you have any suggestions that i can focus on.
text:Those are great ideas actually, When i want some me time, i usually go for a nice long hike or run.	labels:i thinks hikes and runs are good too, they actually are peaceful and makes me focus on life.
text:Yeah, it helps i think even down to a chemical level. Kinda like a great reset for our minds.	labels:reset of our minds, interesting. i will try hiking for sure.. thanks for your input..	episode_done:True
text:hello is anyone here?\nSorry, How are you doing today?	labels:i am okay i guess.
text:Do you want to talk about whats going on?	labels:yeah well basically i'm stressed up at work and i can't any any new job.
text:Oh, whats going on at work?	labels:we usually help 10 to 15 customers a day and the amount of work has increased so i'm very stressed.
text:Oh im sorry to hear that. Holiday times can make many jobs really hard. Maybe you should look into treating yourself to something as a reward?	labels:no that would be bad since i need the money.
text:OH i meant i think we have had enough, But ill keep going cause im in the same boat as you on that front.	labels:we need at least 10 turns (two messages per turn), so what advice do you have for me?
text:Well id get your favorite food, pop on your favorite show, and just try to forget about work for now.	labels:that's not really helpful since it won't really solve the problem.
text:It wont help the problem at work. It might help your mindset though. I think the only way your work situation would be helped would be by hiring more staff to ease the burden.	labels:hopefully this goes away after the end of christmas.
text:Yea im sure it will hopefully get back to normal for you.	labels:i think i will also reduce my workload my boss always says i do the work of 3 people. and i will ask for a day off.
text:Oh i didnt know you were able to do that. Definitely take a day for yourself!	labels:yeah we do have some days we can take off. i guess i will do that. thanks.	episode_done:True
text:HI there, how are you doing?	labels:Hi, I'm ok.
text:Do you want to talk about whats going on right now?	labels:Sure. I took a nude photo of myself to share with someone I'm dating, and accidentally sent it to several friends in a group chat. I'm really embarrassed about it and I have some anxiety about meeting or talking to my friends.
text:Ive done some things like that before. I know this might sound weird but what helped me through it was to actually own it. Take control of it before they can.	labels:Do you think it would be helpful to use humor? I don't want them to tease me about it but I don't know how else to approach it.
text:Yea that is definitely one way to control it.	labels:Lol maybe some of my friends will share with the group too. that would definitely make me feel better about it.
text:Ha, well that could get interesting.	labels:yes, for sure. anyway, thanks for the chat. this was helpful. do you think we have made enough conversation for the full bonus?
text:Not yet to be honest.	labels:ah ok, well then i guess we should keep this going.
text:I think we have to have 10 rounds of talking? Maybe we can just say goodbye and it will be enough heh.	labels:oh 10 rounds. I think i do recall seeing that in the instructions. it looks like you have 8 messages so far so 2 more and we should be good.
text:OK sounds good.	labels:cool. thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing?	labels:im am under alot stress.
text:Would you like to go into the reasons you are feeling stressful?	labels:i feel like i am letting my students down.
text:Oh no, are you doing remote teaching now?	labels:yes and it is hard to feel like i am adequately reaching them.
text:I can see how that is really tough right now. I have a daughter whose 10 so im seeing it from the other side.	labels:I also have kids so i have the added pressure of trying to teach my own kids and teach 80 others.
text:I hear you on that. I would just try to keep on going, unfortunately for everyone's safety we have to make these sacrifices. Hopefully we will be able to get back on track soon.	labels:i hope so , i know that everyone has to sacrifice but that doesnt make it easier.  Knowing that some kids have no one to help them or even take care of them can take a toll on you.
text:Yeah even i can see that when i see my daughters class. It is a bad situation all around. The thing is though you cant focus on that or it will bleed out into your job. You have to try to stay positive and promote positivity even with how hard it can be.	labels:yes but my job is the kids, turning that of me off would be turning the teacher in me off.
text:Oh sorry i guess it came off wrong. I meant try not to let it overwhelm you so you can focus more on the kids. I know my kids school has had issues with parents not being there or helping and they were able to intervene. Is that not available at your school?	labels:We do what we can but when we can not be in school we are lomited on what we can do. not enough staff for all that need help.
text:I am sorry to hear that i really am.	labels:it just gets to me that the kids are the ones that are being affected the most by everything.
text:Yeah i know, and schools have had since march of last year to really prepare but it feels like they left everything to the last minute. I know my distract didnt even have a plan for remote until the last week of august. Sometimes its good to just vent like this though. Get a bit of perspective..	labels:we planned and prepared but eventhen it still wasnt enough.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, How are you doing?	labels:Hello, I could be better....
text:Do you want to go into whats going on right now?	labels:Yes, I would like to. I am taking depression drugs that are not making a change to my condition. I need expert help, not a bandaid.
text:I see, have you just started them?	labels:I have about two months on the meds and I do not think it needs more time to take effect in my system. I know working things out while talking to someone on this platform would work, so here I am.
text:With medicine like that, it can take months to take its full effect. Stopping can reverse and even make the depression come back worse. Have you told your Doctor your concerns?	labels:Yes, I have told my doctor my concerns and he mentioned this portal to go talk to someone without a face to get a broader view on your problems. This method has been working for a lot of his patients so far.
text:Hmm, well yes this can be helpful but that is strange he did not run any tests to see how the medication is reacting with you. On that note though what is going on with you now?	labels:I am crying everyday and need to know what can I do on daily basis to keep me busy from doing other things that can harm me....
text:I would look to talk to a therapist about these matters. Platforms like this can help with some issues but if you are not reacting to the medication and these thoughts are still occurring then that is the path i would take.	labels:Therapist wants me to use this. My blood work will be done this week.
text:Im not telling you to quit on your therapist but if their techniques are not working for you, or you do not think they are a good fit. You should not feel guilty looking for one that is better suited to your needs. Self harm is a very serious issue that strangers really cannot help you with.	labels:I understand.
text:So it is your therapist, or psychiatrist that put you on this medication? Do you feel they listen to you?	labels:yes they do. It is a working experience. This is working for me right now.
text:Thats very good then, Oh great im very happy to hear that!	labels:Thank you for your time....m. I feel better now.
text:That is awesome, You have a great evening!	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:have you ever failed a test?\nI failed a driving test once.	labels:how did it make you feel?
text:I was very aggravated. I thought it was the instructor's fault. I was 15. actually 16.	labels:I failed a math test, and was really depressed about this situation. it was my final. I barely passed the class. the teacher graded ont he curve. I failed the written part of the driving test when i was 16, i was upset about that as well. took 3 times to pass it. so, did you ever pass the test.
text:Well, you passed!	labels:right, but still it was a hard pill to swallow knowing that i didn't pass it on my own, i needed the weight of the class to pull me up.
text:I did. On my second try. But, take heart. You tried your best and you are continuing to try hard. It's wise to keep in touch with how you're feeling.	labels:I was, and I am still feeling really upset about passing on my on. I currently enrolled in another math class. Im hoping that this ends differently..
text:I find that sometimes some breathing exercises, getting fresh air, can help clear your head..	labels:I guess I can try that, i usually just eat and avoid my math work until the last minute. I am an emotional eater.
text:taking long walks as well. Don't obsess on it.	labels:i like walking my dog, that usually gives me sometime to reflect and to stay optimistic about math. I have a great family support because my family knows how much I want to become a math teacher. .
text:right. stay optimistic.	labels:Thanks for all the positive advice..
text:You certainly got your work cut out for you.	labels:i know thats why im so stress.. stressed. bye.
text:Perhaps "teacher" is the right path, buth "math" is not. good Luck to you.	labels:maybe so.  Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I was wondering if I could talk to you about a problem.\nHi there! My name is Rob, how are you today?	labels:I am doing okay,
text:Of course! What is the problem?	labels:My boyfriend has been cheating on me, He constantly denies it and I want to believe him, but my family also knows and thinks I need to end things..
text:So to make sure I understand, have you caught your partner cheating?.	labels:I haven't actually caught him myself. .
text:Has someone told you they suspect he is cheating?.	labels:Yes, My best friend and my sister have told me.
text:It is a horrible feeling when that seed has been planted in your head..	labels:Exactly and he denies it.  I just don't know what to do or who to believe.
text:I know you mentioned you want to believe him when he denies it, I guess the important question is what is making you have that shadow of doubt? Has he been unfaithful in the past?	labels:I know he cheated in the past on a previous girlfriend, but not on me.
text:And know I am not saying I don't believe you, I think your feelings are valid, and I just want to get the full picture.	labels:at least no that I am aware of.
text:Ok. So there has been a past history of this.	labels:yes.
text:And what are your friends and family saying to you? Are their accusations valid?	labels:I can see their point.  They think he is using me for my car and money.  He is constantly between jobs.
text:I know for me, sometimes friends and family will say things like this is they personally do not like the partner themselves without taking your feelings into consideration.	labels:I don think they dislike him, I think they fell he is using me and I am blind to it.
text:Ok I see. And for yourself, do you see a future with him? Because in the end it matters how you feel. Do you feel taken advantage of?	labels:I do financially feel taken advantage of. .
text:So possible cheating aside - there is definitely some others issues that needs solving. Have you calmly confronted him saying that he is affecting your personal financial goals?	labels:Yes, and he always promises to do better.  I know deep down it should end. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!\nHi! HOw are you today?	labels:I'm feeling sad and depressed.
text:OH no, why are you feeling this way?	labels:With covid and everything, college hasn't been the same at all. I'm missing out on a lot of experiences and that makes me sad..
text:I can imagine, it's so tough right now for everyone. You aren'y alone. Are you in school or at home?	labels:I'm currently a sophomore in college but I'm on break so I am at home.
text:Are you able to connect with friends while on break even virtually? That always helps!.	labels:Yes. thankfully my friend and I from college facetime around 3 times a week.
text:That's so great. It's so healthy to keep up human contact in these times. When i am feeling sad, I do a virtual happy hour with my friends..	labels:That sounds fun.
text:It is! IS there anything else bothering you?	labels:I just wish I wouldn't be so sad about missing things. I wish I could just live my life ya know.
text:Totally, I think we're all feeling that way. Thankfully the vaccine is really close to being ready. That is really positive news!!	labels:Is it actually? yay! Sometimes I don't know whether to believe the news or not.
text:I think by mid next year, which would be great! What year are you in school??	labels:I'm a sophomore.
text:That's great. You'll hopefully get at least 2 more normal years to enjoy school. I hope that is reassuring..	labels:Yes it is. That is good. Thank you for your help today. I think you need to reply.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!\nHi, how are you? .	labels:I'm stressed out about my finals coming up..
text:Let me make sure I understand.  Your feeling stressed about your finals.	labels:That is correct.
text:I understand what that is like.  What is your biggest fear?	labels:I think I'm most scared that I'm going to study a lot but not do well and then not get good grades in my classes..
text:Did the teacher provide you with a study guide? .	labels:Only one of them did. I have a total of 4 finals.
text:Okay, are you familiar with their testing style?  I am assuming you have had other test in these classes.	labels:Yes thankfully I have. In all my classes, I have had tests before. I'm still nervous though..
text:I can tell you are stressed, try to relax, are you in a study group?	labels:no, I don't really like studying with other people. I do have some friends in the classes though.
text:They are all probably feeling the same way.  Try not letting fear fail you.  Study hard and be confident, you have made it this far, your almost done.	labels:Thank you for your kind words! I will take that into consideration..
text:also make sure you get enough rest, exercise and eat well balanced meals.  That will help you feel less stressed.	labels:t. Those are very good things I will do.. Thank you for your help!
text:your gonna do great.  your welcome.	labels:have a nice day - bye! I think you need to respond once more.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:hi, can I discuss an issue with you?
text:Yes please. What has been bothering you?	labels:My parents, they expect me to always get straight A's.
text:oh wow. Is that hard for you? Explain what's upsetting you about that..	labels:It is upsetting because it is an expectation.  I am not perfect and I always try my hardest.  I am afraid of not being perfect.
text:I've also struggled with the same thing. My parents put that pressure on me so I understand that.. Do you tell your parents you're trying your best? What do they say?	labels:They tell me it is my only job.  They think it will help pay for college if I am the best.
text:It sounds like that expectation is very hard on you and makes you anxious. That's okay to feel that way!	labels:Thanks, I just don't want to disappoint them. They work so hard and want the best for me.
text:Deep down they really just want you to succeed. But that doesn't mean it isn't difficult for you. I'm sure you're doing your best. Have you talked to them about the pressure/expectation?	labels:I am, I told my sister to not get straight a's or they will always expect it.  I h ave not talked to them.
text:I would suggest talking to them about the expectation. You could say something like, "I want you guys to realize that I am trying my best but when you put this expectation on me and makes me even more stressed out"	labels:Okay, I can try that, it makes me very anxious.  Would writing a letter be okay?
text:That is a scary conversation to have. I think the letter idea is a great idea!	labels:I am better at expressing my feelings that way. .
text:I'm better writing things down too.. Writing that should hopefully let them see what is going on. I think it will work..	labels:I hope it will work, maybe I will write it and leave it in the morning for them to find after I go to school.  That way they can think about what I said and not just react..
text:That's an even better idea. Great thinking!	labels:Thanks, you have made me feel a lot better. .
text:I'm glad. I hope it all works out for you!	labels:me too, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, i've been so sad lately.\nGood afternoon! OH no . I am sorry to hear that. Why are you so sad? Good afternoon! OH no . I am sorry to hear that. Why are you so sad?	labels:I met the love of my life last year and after a few months, i just knew he was for me. We decided to get engaged after 7 months which didn't seem so crazy to us at 29. We decided to get married after 8 more motnhs. My friends are mostly single and don't understand.
text:So you are sad because they don't understand you and they are jealous of you maybe? I can understand how you could feel sad and left out but its your life. I think you know whats best for you. Its not like you are 16.	labels:THat's true but they have been so distant and i don't know how to bridge the gap.
text:I mean you are 29 give me a break . You are very mature and know what makes you happy and you have had some time to explore the world so to speak.  Give me one moment to think of a solution. are they close friends or just friends. Either way have you been able to have a heart  to heart and be like I love xxx and I value our friendship how can we work together to make this work?	labels:My best friends, I also left the major city that we all lived in. With COVID, i havent had a chance to meet other friends. That's a good approach. I should try it.
text:You are absolutely correct with Covid everything is not normal and I am afraid we have to accept this time as the new normal until this all clears up.  Also, it wont do any good to be sad even though you have a right to it is just better to try to be positive. Believe me easier said than not..	labels:I can't wait until things are nromal again so i can take my frineds out for dinner again.
text:Do you guys talk on face time or face book or anything social media related?. Amen everyone will be so much happier.  May I say something with no disrespect since we just met.	labels:Facetime mostyl! You can say anything!
text:God is on the throne and in Control . I am not just saying this because it happens to be Sunday. I haven't been to church since March due to Covid. I used to go weekly but that doesn't make me any better or worst than those who don't .  I am just saying prayers help and most people say  nothing left but to pray when it should be our first defense. The other thing that comes to mind is since most of us are home more and we have internet maybe you could think of something to buy under 20 or less but would convey to your friend that you are thinking of them / value your friendship and even though you are with love of your life they can be too!! IF they can't accept this after Covid and you talk face to face I am afraid you can make better friends.	labels:That's a good idea! Maybe even something fun we can do together as an activity! I will browse amazon.
text:Sounds great ! I wish you the best and hope I could bridge the gap. Good luck and Keep safe.	labels:Thank you so much for all your help.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello, How are you?	labels:I'm ok doing best I can with all that's going on.
text:could you tell me more about that?	labels:well last year my father passed he was sick for a while. now that we lost his income and Im out of work we need to move to a much smaller home.
text:I'm very sorry to hear that.  Do you know where you are moving?	labels:thats also been an issue we sold our house an found one but our buyer has been asking for more and more concessions and we are under the wire I dont want to lose the house we are buying because our buyer is asking for more and more.
text:That is a difficult situation. Have you been working with a realtor?	labels:yes and well she has been useless to us, so we are hoping to close in couple days im on pins and needles so mush stress now also packing and caring for my mother. I was hoping to avoid having to move but since im out of work and covid it has to happen.
text:Yes, your Realtor should be more helpful than that. My best advice is to stay calm.  You are making the correct decisions so far.  It is difficult, but you are managing it very well..	labels:thanks I have not been sleeping feeling so beaten down.
text:Sometimes life will throw challenges toward you, and all you can do is make the right choices, one at a time. Sounds like you are making the right choices to get back on your feet. I'm sure you will be there in no time..	labels:I hope so this last year has been a nightmare my father was so sick for so long and now with covid im so scared I or my Mom will get it.
text:Are you taking the right steps to stay healthy? Wearing a mask, avoiding large gatherings, and social distancing?	labels:yes but with moving we have had people in our home and will have movers hoping they have been safe.
text:Good point. Since you hired them, you can establish expectations with them that they take the right precautions to keep you and your home healthy..	labels:yes thats true I hope I have been grinding my teeth at night I just cant wait for this all to be done.
text:Tell me about your job search. Also, what experience do you have?	labels:CSR but with covid its been hard also I have to be around for my mom. honest im scared to be in any public setting.
text:Does CSR stand for Customer Service Representative?	labels:yes sorry it does I also have some banking under my belt but have been out of work for couple years because I was caring for my father. he needed 24/7 my moms not as bad but needs help.
text:Well, CSR and experience in Banking must mean you have some skills that are in high-demand. Many companies need CSR's, and Banks are always hiring. Skills needed for CSR are very translatable to other customer service jobs, sales, and more!	labels:yes I know if I could find something where I could work from home thats would help but sometimes I just feel like giving up and going back to bed.
text:I'm sure you will find something very quickly.	labels:thank you I hope so it helps to just talk about it.
text:also, many companies have shifted their workforce to work from home, so you are even more likely to get a service position in a work-from-home environment,.	labels:I have been looking but till after the move things have been all out of wack.
text:I see, so it sounds like you need a job search tool that will save you time.  I'd recommend putting your profile on LinkedIn, and/or checking a job aggregator like Indeed or Glassdoor. There, you can view and apply for several jobs.  I recommend applying and interviewing for several positions at the same time to improve your odds. I'm sure you will get one..	labels:yes I have o some of those thanks I will just have to cross my fingers.
text:Glad to hear. Sounds like your are doing all the right things..	labels:thanks and thanks for listening it has helped.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi how are you doing today?	labels:stressed out, anxious , this covid life is so tough. cant find any work and just struggling with money and emotionally.
text:I hear you- I can definitely relate.  I'm sorry to hear you are unable to find work.  What type of work are you looking for?	labels:anything really atm and sorry to hear that its tough everywhere. alot of people having a hard time def.
text:Have you looked into government assistance due to covid complications? Yes, we are all in this weird boat together.	labels:yea they give me like 170 a week cant even cover rent and bills and to eat so on. so its tough. yea definitly weird times. i live in a small town in vermont so only so much around, trying to get job at ski resort but no call back yet.
text:well I applaud your efforts to seek out employment! Keep up the faith!	labels:yea im trying but its been awhile im also just so stir crazy cant watch anymore tv. do the mturk here and there but hasnt been greay.
text:you have probably seen this resource but in case you havent: benefits.gov/help/faq/Coronavirus-resources.	labels:ill check it out.
text:Yes I understand, I live in Iowa- a bigger town  but the struggles are still very real.	labels:thanks. ah word i hear ya i was in des moises once zombie burher lol. burger.
text:Sounds like you are onto something with the ski resorts- sure hope something pans out. oh yes! classic:)	labels:thanks yea i hope they open and stay open i guess we will see. sooo goood.
text:anything else I can help with? truth!	labels:not sure haha just figured try this out.
text:me too!	labels:so we both get paid for this right ? haha.
text:hopefully:)	labels:haha i hope so.
text:honestly good  luck with everything!	labels:thanks you too! eat some zombie burger for me.
text:appreciate that! Take care! LOL i will:)	labels:no problem. and haha. wish i could come back. remember had one with cheese curds so goood.
text:drive on down and over.	labels:haha if i had the money id love too. was a nice state.
text:hiring might be better here than in vermont. I get it- bummer.	labels:says i need to talk back and forth ten times for reward lol. oh yea? more open there?
text:Yes, I think we met the quota!	labels:oh nice.
text:Yes, the iowa governor is super right wing so she is adament about keeping business open etc.	labels:ah gotcha and no high cases?
text:So even with numbers spiking, some schools are open still, lots of restaurants and businesses still open.	labels:ah true , they closed down alot here to stop spread.
text:no we still have an increase, but she won't do a lockdown or anything extreme-	labels:gotvha. interesting.
text:So naturally that has helped employers stay hiring...so?	labels:yea makes sense but if everyone gets sick then what hha.
text:very true.	labels:yea its wild i just wish was over.
text:I understand that feeling!  well hopefully we get paid;) keep your head up:) Good luck to you!	labels:enjoy your evening same to you.	episode_done:True
text:hi there.\nHello! what seems to be bothering you today?	labels:currently, i am living in a house with my brother, which i co own and can not afford to move out.
text:Is living with your brother a bad thing? What specifically is making you upset?	labels:yes it is. he acts like a azz most of the time. he dosent care about anyone but himself. just like his fiancé. he throws away the bills and expects me to pay to keep the utilities on when they are about to be disconnected. then tells me i dont contribute to the house.
text:It seems like he would be a very difficult person to live with. And that is hard for you obviously. I'm thinking your upset because you can't leave so you're stuck. Is that correct?	labels:yes, felling very stuck.
text:It's completely normal to feel that way. I'm sure you're handling the situation as best as you can.. What have you done to try and help the situation?	labels:trying to, looking for every way possible to make money and save it up and move out. really dont want to have to partition the property as its the house we grew up in.
text:I would feel the same way if that's a house I grew up in. I'm so sorry!	labels:i tried to talk to him, in his mind its all my fault he cant pay the bills he had before i moved in. i had been living in california for the last few years, but came back with corona virus on the rise there.
text:If he's in a certain mindset, it would be hard to change that.. Do you have people to talk to about this? It sounds like a lot to handle..	labels:right? and his fiancé is the same way, they are both alcoholics and spend most  of their income on their habits. its all i can do right now to keep food in the house, let alone running water.
text:I think it would be good for you to talk to someone and get help.. Right now, all you can do is keep chugging along and trying your best to stay afloat..	labels:i have a couple of friends that i have talked to about it, but it just seems like i am screaming at a brick wall and nothing changes.
text:I would suggest talking to a therapist if your insurance can handle that! Talking with them can help you figure out what you should do..	labels:honestly, i think its him that needs the therapist. he is clearly bi polar like my father was, and dosent want to admit to it. several people have tried to talk to him about it but he just denies it and goes to the other room. i know what a the therapist will tell me, that i need to either resolve the conflict or try and move out, hard to do with the epidemic going on and a lack of funds to do it. is it normal to always feel helpless? cause thats how its been. either rip everything to shreds or do nothing.
text:Yes it is. Especially now. I just want to encourage to keep pushing. Think about yourself in a year or two from now. Do everything you can right now to get out of the situation. If it gets really bad, don't be afraid to call out for help (like the police). Stay safe and do what's best for you.. You've got this!	labels:police are a very bad idea where i live. they will not prosecute family violence without also prosecuting me. i live in texas, if i press charges, the state will press charges against me. i have several scars from incidents where they told me as such. its really a loosing battle where the law is concerned here.
text:oh wow that's terrible. that must be so stressful for you.	labels:thank you for listening tho. it is nice to talk to someone outside of my normal circle about these things. :)
text:yes of course! I hope everything works out in the end. You'll be in my thoughts :)	labels:thank you. i apprecieate it.
text:Please remember to end the conversation..	labels:ok. ty have a good day. :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I need to vent about an ongoing situation.  Can I talk to you?\nOf course you can talk to me, What would you like to vent about?	labels:I am that friend that everyone can count on, I put everyone before me.  But lately even though i volunteer to help, I have been feeling used and very angry.
text:So you are feeling kind of used by your friends and/or family?	labels:Yes, very used and very angry.
text:I can understand how you feel, I have felt used at times by family and friends myself. Have you tried to talk to them about the situation? Does the possibility of the conversation give you an undue amount of anxiety?	labels:It is like they could care less about what I need to do, they show up late to get their kids, or think nothing of running errands and not coming early. I have not said anything to them.
text:Why haven't you said anything to them?	labels:I hate confrontation.
text:I understand, confrontation can be quite stressful.	labels:exactly, do you think I should just stop saying yes to them.
text:There may not be an alternative unfortunately. In order to avoid involuntary and messy conflict later you may need to have planned/structured conflict now.	labels:That was what I was thinking also.  i will try to not be available.
text:I think it may be important to make sure you have an end goal in mind in order to have a chance to  resolve the conflict in peace.	labels:My end goal is to be respected.  Perhaps I really need to have a conversation and see how that goes first,  .
text:I think that is a wise first step.	labels:Me too, thanks for listening and helping me come to a decision..
text:I am grateful to be of help.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:hello!\nhello there.	labels:I'm stressed about my finals :(
text:When is your finals?	labels:They are in 1.5 weeks.
text:Have you reviewed all of your materials?	labels:I'm just getting started with doing that for three of my classes. One of my other classes I have already been studying for about a week..
text:As long as you prepare, you shouldn't be too worried about it.	labels:Yes but I'm still anxious that I won't prepare enough and I'll get bad grades.
text:You are only 1.5 weeks away from the exam, the only thing you can do right now is studying as hard as you can. There's no point worrying.	labels:That is true.
text:So as long as you try your best, you already did everything you could.	labels:I will try and study really hard the next couple days then.
text:Howeve, i would use the last day before the finals to relax and avoid overwhelming your brain.	labels:ohh that's a good idea. thank you! I'll do some relaxing activities that day.
text:with that short of a time, maybe you should ask your friends and go over main points together.	labels:that would be smart too. I can do that for two classes but not the other two because i don't know people in those classes.
text:then do it as much as you can, as for the classes that impossible, you can study by yourself . If you pay attention and study hard, i have no doubt you'll ace this exam.	labels:thank you! i really appreciate the help you have given me.
text:I'm glad I could be some help.	labels:have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there! How are you today?	labels:Hello, i am good, how are you??
text:I am fine as well, thanks for asking. How may i support you today?	labels:I have been feeling very depressed and i don't know what to do.
text:I understand. May I please know what is the cause of your depression?	labels:I think the state of the world and not being able to go to work.
text:Yes. The world is in a pretty bad place due to the pandemic. It has caused infinite sufferings to numerous people.	labels:How do I handle that/
text:We are all in this together. With proper emotional support, each of us can overcome these turbulent times.	labels:Any suggestions on things I can do? I feel so overwhelmed.
text:It may seem pretty bad now with the cold weather setting in at many parts of the world. But there is a vaccine coming soon.	labels:I really do hope so, it's a glimmer of hope.
text:Think about the positive aspects of an effective vaccine. Do not stress too much about factors outside your control. I know we can feel helpless at some times, but try to focus on things under YOUR control - like following health professional advise - masks, social distancing and general sanitization.	labels:That's true!! The masks and social distancing are very ehlpful. It's good to feel like i am doing my part. Not seeing family for the holidays will be very hard!!
text:I agree. Family is our only an true source of strength. Being away from them can be really hard. But atleast, thanks to technology, they are only a video/phone call away. Regarding your job, I know a lot of jobs and industries have been affected. But at the same time, it has exploded demand in personal delivery services. If you are able to drive, would you be willing to explore the option of part time grocery/food delivery driver?	labels:My business has been really busy but i am happy to have the distraction. I miss going into the office and seeing people. it's very lonely.
text:Oh that's good to hear! I apologize for the assumption earlier.	labels:Thank you for all your help today!!! You've been really inspiring.
text:I appreciate your feedback! Just hang in there and we shall overcome this :)	labels:You too !! have a great day. Have you ever felt this way yourself/ I hope this is normal and other people are feeling that way too. I don't like to be alone.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can I help you?	labels:I need some help with my friend group. I feel they do not like me anymore.
text:Ah I understand how you feel. That must not be good. I understand how you feel. Things will be okay. Why do you feel this way?	labels:I feel this way because they do not want to meet me and are cold to me.
text:Ah I understand. I will try to give some advice..	labels:What should I do?
text:I think you should try to talk to them to get to know what is going on. Have open communication.	labels:What should I say?
text:You should tell them how you feel. Tell them what you told me. Friendships are important.	labels:I have known them for a long time so I want to make sure we stay friends.
text:Yes of course, friendships are important. Especially if you have known them for a long time.	labels:I will try to talk to them. Any other advice?
text:Yes, try to be honest with them. It helps a lot.	labels:Yes honesty is good. I will try to share my feelings.
text:You are a good person, sharing feelings is good.	labels:Thank you for the compliment. I feel a bit better now.
text:Great, anyway I can help. I am happy to assist you.	labels:Thank you so much. I will try your advice.
text:I hope everything works out. Anything else I can help with?	labels:No I think that will do it. Thank you.
text:Excellent. Thank you. Goodbye.	labels:Bye.
text:Remember to stay positive. Have a great day.	labels:I will, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I need some help with this.\nI'm here to help you.	labels:What should I do about my break up?
text:When it was happened. When it was happened.	labels:It happened yesterday. She broke up with me.
text:Oh.. It's really sad. But don't worry. You can explain feelings to her. She may change her mind.	labels:I will try but I don't think she will want to listen. I do not think she likes me anymore.
text:I understand your feelings. If it is a true love, she will also understand your feelings.	labels:I think I will call her later, I will try to follow your advice. What should I do to help my bad emotions?
text:To escape from negative thoughts keep engaging yourself in your favorite work. Listen to your favorite music.	labels:I feel bad about the whole covid thing. I think there is a lot of stress about it with my ex girlfriend so she feels stressed about that.
text:Hello Are you there?	labels:Yes I am here. I hate having ex problems. Are you here?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can I help you?	labels:Hi. Not sure if I should return to school during covid.
text:your school doesn't offer remote learning?	labels:It does, but typically we have study groups in person which I find very helpful.
text:you can still do that online instead of in person.	labels:My am anxious I will do poorly with out the study groups.
text:I understand how you may feel that way, it's easy to feel anxious when something you do so frequently  gets taken away.	labels:The school is expensive and I dont want to have to redo a class if I am not passing.  I ended up stopping school last time because Covid started, but its been almost a year, and I feel that I will never finish if I dont go back during spring semester.
text:Your worry is very understandable, have you talked to your professors about that to see what they can help?	labels:I have not because I am not currently enrolled.  I have talked to admissions who said I can wait or restart when ever I wish. .
text:that sounds great. I find that your mindset is very important, you can only finish great if you feel at ease. Why don't you just wait and study on your own first, and officially start when you feel reassured?	labels:My only concern on waiting is how long do I wait?  It does not seem like COVID is going away any time soon.  In fact the number of cases in California where I live are rising substancially.  I cant advance in my career if I dont get a degree, so its such a double edged sword!
text:How about create an online study group with your friends if you need to get a degree in time. Either Zoom or Skype is user friendly.	labels:Dont you have to pay for those?
text:Oh no, you don't even have to install Zoom. I have been in a lot of Zoom conference where I simply access through the link they give me.	labels:well that sounds reassuring.
text:yeah, so don't be too pessimistic. There are always solutions. Other than group study, are there any reasons you worry about school?	labels:Well money of course, but thats what financial aid is for.  My biggest worry was how to collaborate and study in a world where we cant get together.
text:if you prefer to be able to discuss in person, how about do an in person meeting at the park or open space? That way you can keep your distance.	labels:Thanks for your input, it gives me a different perspective to think about, and would present some options I hadnt thought about. you have a good night, i appreciate the advise.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nhello! how are you?	labels:I am good, thanks. I hope you're well also.
text:Is there anything bothering you or upsetting you right now?	labels:Sure, one of the biggest concerns I have right now is the pandemic. Especially with the rising second wave in my city.
text:What city are you in?	labels:I live in Canada on the east coast.
text:That must be difficult living in such a big city with the pandemic going on.. What are you must scared of or stressed about?	labels:yes of course. just the sense of fear, anxiety, and paranoia. And helplessness and anguish that people are complacent and selfish and stupid. Keep reading up on exposure sites here like restaurants and gyms, and the culprits are those between 18-35 years old.
text:I've had similar feelings also. People can be very selfish right now. That's normal to feel that way! How have you been coping with anxiety?	labels:yeah. Like I am scared of being sick at anytime. It could happen anytime.
text:It sounds like you're scared of the virus is that right?	labels:well, I talk with my friend daily on the phone. I also stay sane by staying at home. I work out when I have time, but not so much as before. yeah quite so. It's an invisible enemy, like people cannot believe it's taking effect or they will get it.
text:It sounds like you're doing a great job adjusting though! Good for you. Talking with people will help a lot.	labels:I can only stay safe for so long but it takes cooperation from my citizens and also the leaders here to be responsible in lockdowns etc. thank you for your kind words. I hope you are getting by well also. I try and am kind of used to it by now. But the fear is coming back since two to three weeks ago with renewed cases. yeah and  I believe in social support and therapy. It's good to talk out.
text:It's hard when we live in a divided world. Some people want this...and some people want that. I would suggest just letting go of the things not in your control, even though that is hard..	labels:yeah I will try and I know what you mean.
text:Do you go to therapy?	labels:It does feel like I am in an apocalyptic world and self isolated in my safety bunker. And a few months ago, I felt more lonely and claustrophobic. I feel better now. I guess the best and safest place now is my home.
text:You do what's best for you, that is what is important. Don't worry about others..	labels:No, I believe in it and I talk openly with my close friends about issues but have only gone for medical therapy a few times. I will try to have my usual health checkup once the pandemic is more in control, and so then I might consider getting a referral. yeah that's true. I will keep that in mind.
text:Have you heard of teletherapy? I do that and you don't have to worry about leaving your house!	labels:not that I have an active and huge problem, but that I don't think it's so bad, as mental illness is so stigmatized. You can go for therapy and talk things over even if you don't have that big of a problem. no I have not done any medical appointments since earlier this year.
text:Exactly! I totally agree. I love just talking to my therapist. It's so nice just to have someone listen and give feedback that isn't a friend..	labels:I will once I get some more done for my work at home. I see. That's great that you do that. Excellent.
text:Therapy is shown to really help so I strongly suggest doing that if you have the time and money. It really will help..	labels:Yeah I will definitely keep it on my list and won't rule it out. I do need to go to my family doctor in person though as I need an annual checkup at least. like even the dentist I haven't gone since last year.
text:Yes that is important. I'm sure it is safe there!	labels:due to the pandemic.
text:Hopefully this conversation helped with some of your anxiety and stress!	labels:Hopefully. And then any mental support can be done via telehealth like you said.
text:Sounds like a great plan!	labels:yes it sure does, thanks for listening and I see that we are pretty much on the same page. It sounds like you are quite coping nicely and optimistic also. So these are great traits. and remain hopeful in such dark and unpredictable times.
text:Thank you! I hope you have a nice night..	labels:sure have a good night then and best of luck to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you today?	labels:i am really very depressed.
text:Is there a specific incident that caused you to feel this way?	labels:it was the incident that is break up with my partner.
text:When big life changes come, it is natural to feel sad or upset.	labels:but i feel very stress ful in that suitation.
text:Since the breakup, have you found a safe place to live? Have you reached out to any friends to talk about how you're feeling?	labels:i have rented seperately. i reached to my friends but no use of that.
text:Knowing you have a safe place to live is one positive aspect of your life!	labels:yes i am safe.
text:I know it is hard right now,  but seeking out others will bring small moments of joy to the day. Exercise can help clear your mind. Do you enjoy going for a walk?	labels:yes ,but hard to over come that problem. i enjoy going to walk.
text:I love to walk too! The park by my house has some incredible fall leaves right now!	labels:it  is a nice climate too.
text:Let's focus on accomplishing one small goal for the day. I know you have the ability to accomplish your goals! What one task can you succeed at today?	labels:i have to divert my mind by focusing my thought from other suitaion only. i am thinking of going out for shopping.
text:Wonderful! I hope you enjoy the fresh air and change of scenery.	labels:yes really .
text:Make the most of your beautiful day!	labels:yes it is really wonder ful day.
text:Knowing that you are seeking to have a great day makes me confident that you are going to overcome your challenges and thrive!	labels:yes i will and have to over come.
text:Take care!	labels:you also take care bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.  I am worried about my exams.\nExams are a stressful time. What seems to be the problem? Exams are a stressful time. What seems to be the problem?	labels:I do not feel like I am properly prepared, even though I have studied. .
text:I can assure you that countless students including myself have gone through the trials of studying for exams and do feel overwhelmed but it passes. Have you studied?	labels:I have studied.  However, I still feel like I am not prepared.  One big problem is that I have no quiet place to study. .
text:I get it, distractions can be challenging to overcome at times. Have you thought about going to a library, or a book store?	labels:I have not.  Both of those are great suggestions.  I wonder if I should take the time to walk to the library (30 minutes), or just continue to study?  Maybe, I know as much as I can know.  The anxiety is too much.
text:If it helps you study then the library may be worth the time and effort. Sometimes we can stress out over worrying about not having enough time to study. But trust the work you have done and you will know if it is enough.	labels:This is very good advice.  Have you completed college?
text:Yes, and it wasn't easy but with hard work, it is completely doable. And you have the power within yourself.	labels:What do you think will happen if I fail this test?
text:Sometimes it is not about the amount of studying, but the way you study. I like reading my textbooks and highlighting the important parts and then rewriting them so they become ingrained in me. But let us not jump the gun, you haven't failed anything.	labels:Very true.  Thanks for reminding me.  I think I worry more about the outcome than I need too.
text:Don't forget to breathe. Exams are stressful but I would suggest don't cram everything to the last minute. Usually the hour before the exam, I do something else.	labels:Very good advice.  Any suggestions on what I can do?
text:Stay calm, believe in yourself, start your studying early so you are not cramming everything in the last few days.	labels:Great Advice. But, in the one hour prior to the exam, do you have any advice on something I can do to calm my nerves?
text:Walk outside, away from the students waiting for their tests.	labels:Wonderful suggestion. Thank you for your help.  I think I will go walk now.  Best regards..
text:Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:No.  Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I'm anxious and depressed. Is anyone there?\nim here.	labels:Hi. I'm anxious and a bit depressed.
text:what made you feel this way?	labels:The pressures of Covid and taking care of my disabled sister are just getting to me.
text:i see how that could make you a bit anxious. I get the same way also.	labels:Thanks. I'm just tired of the Covid restrictions. I can't wait for things to get back to normal.
text:i feel the same. being on lockdown could make anyone a little crazy. do you have family or friends that you could reach out to over the phone?	labels:I do. My other sister is always a big help. Maybe I should text her more often?
text:yes! that would always be a good idea. its always comforting to hear from a loved one. i myself yearn for a good call from family or even hearing someone close voice. always makes me smile.	labels:That's true. I tend to stew on my thoughts.
text:hows the weather where you are?	labels:It's not too bad. Cloudy and 40 which is pretty good for this time of year. How's your weather?
text:i live in the south . not cold yet. but your weather sounds like it would be nice for a lovely walk.	labels:Exercise does always help. I walk/jog five miles every day. I generally feel my best right after that. Don't you find that true too?
text:yes! although i probably couldnt walk nor run 5 miles a day. i love getting out to enjoy nature. it always helps to keep mind off things. does that usually work for you?	labels:Yes, I love nature but I live in a congested suburb. It would take me awhile to get out to the country. That's why Covid is so tough - I can't travel which is my main form of relaxation. What do you do to relax?
text:i see, for me to relax. i find sitting back in my recliner reading a nice book always relaxes me. i also love yoga. its a refreshing relaxtion.	labels:I should try yoga. I sometimes do breathing exercises when I get really stressed. Maybe I should go back to it. What do you think?
text:actually that would be a good idea. i find yoga and breathing deep help relieve stress & let go of the negative.	labels:I think I'll try it. Thanks! It was good talking to you. I think we completed the requirements. Have a good Thanksgiving and stay safe out there. Bye!
text:you too always :-)	labels:Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, not a good time right now. Really concerned.\nI'm sorry to hear that . How can I help?	labels:I just need someone to listen. I want to know everything will be ok. I really hope things get better sooner than later.
text:I understand. Tell me what's going on.. I'm here to listen..	labels:Since CORONA I have had to quit working my second job and become a full time stay at home parent. This is causing our family a loss of considerable income and with everything going on right now in the world it makes it even more worse.
text:I understand. It is a scary time right now. Things will not always be this way though. We will get through it.. The important part right now is to stay safe and healthy for yourself and for your family.. What kind of work did you do before the pandemic?	labels:I'd like to think this will be over sooner than later, but it's hard to really think about it. I was a merchandiser for retail stores. I had been a stay at home parent before so our family was used to one income for a long time. It was nice to not always have to stress about money since I was working again. It seems the stress is a lot more now though because of everything going on in the country.
text:Yes our country is in a lot of uncertainty right now. And having a second income always helps. Have you considered possibly finding a work from home job? Perhaps look at what skills you've developed, and update your resume to reflect the skills you have that will transfer over to a work from home job..	labels:I'm always concerned about scams. There are so many untrustworthy places that I hate putting myself and my information out for others to get who aren't honest.
text:I understand. There are always companies or jobs out there that are scams. What I found worked best was looking at reputable sites like LinkedIn, GlassDoor, etc. Right now is a good time to find a work from home job from reputable companies. I've found that a lot of companies have transitioned over and developed jobs that can be done from home. I actually work from home myself..	labels:Oh thats really encouraging. I will definitely look into that.
text:Another suggestion I can make is contacting your local workforce department  (department of unemployment) as they can make suggestions too.	labels:I never thought about the unemployment office. I know so many people are worse off than me that I almost feel guilty to reach out. I really appreciateyour trips. tips.
text:You already have a lot of skills you didn't think about. As a stay at home parent, you are like the CEO of your own company. You manage day to day operations. You also do scheduling, finance management, etc..	labels:That's very true!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, my work situation is stressful.\nHi, I'm sorry to hear that. What's been happening?	labels:They barely acknowledge my presence and don't really talk to me except for an occasional hello.
text:That's not very fair. You deserve to feel valued at your workplace and it sounds like you don't feel that way.	labels:I know, I don't know why they act this way. is it something I have done. I'm stressed.
text:You haven't done anything wrong. I have felt that way at work before too. I went to therapy to deal with my difficult work situation.	labels:therapy, is it maybe me, or should I bring it up with my boss.
text:You could bring it up with your boss. That would be a very brave thing to do.	labels:I am worried that he would bring it up to my coworkers and I'd feel left in the open. I don't know the best course of action.
text:Usually, bosses are required to keep those sorts of things confidential. You could request to speak to someone in Humane Resources, who is trained to help workers.	labels:I might just do that, although I am worried about escalating above my boss and above my coworkers. Maybe it may best to speak to my coworkers,
text:You could speak to your coworkers and let them know that you would like a friendlier, more open work environment. Do you think that might help?	labels:It might, I don't know what set them off in the first place.
text:That might be a good place to start when it comes to approaching them. Let them know your side of the situation and maybe they will understand.	labels:I think I will. Would you recommend me buying coffee and doughnuts?
text:I think buying coffee and doughnuts sounds like a wonderful idea. It seems like you are really willing to help create a healthier work environment.	labels:yeah for my sanity. Thank you.
text:Of course. It's been nice to speak with you. I hope everything goes well for you.	labels:Thank you, goodnight.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you doing today?	labels:I can't believe it I just got layed off.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. It is a tough time right now for people working. Do you want to talk about it more?	labels:I know. It's going to be nearly impossible to find something good now.
text:I understand that it is frustrating and scary to lose a job. But depending on what field you work in, there are actually quite a few places hiring right now because of the holidays.. My boyfriend was laid off from his job and was able to get interviews with a handful of places in his area. Granted, they are not dream jobs, but at least it is a paycheck..	labels:I live in a small town. The mill is pretty much all we have that pays good.
text:Do you have access to any areas outside your town that are in driving distance or a bus can reach?.	labels:I have my car. No bus's go through here.
text:Well if you have a car, maybe you would be able to find something a little outside your area that would pay more. Try taking a look on indeed.com or even craigslist for open positions. You may be surprised by what you find and a change in career can sometimes be a positive thing.	labels:I just got out of the Air Force. I really need a steady paycheck right now.
text:The only way you are going to be able to get a job is by looking what is out there. If you can work retail, it is a great time for that because of the holidays. Even if it is a temp position, at least it is something..	labels:And the holidays are just about here. This is going to suck.
text:It is a difficult time in general for a lot of people. I think most people are going to be understanding this year when it comes to gift giving. I wouldn't worry too much about that and instead focus on what you are able to do about the situation..	labels:This is the first time in 3 years i will be home for Christmas I was hoping to make for not being here.
text:Perhaps think of you just being home as the gift. Having time to spend with your family and friends is likely to mean more than something you can buy..	labels:My luck we won't be able to leave the house.
text:Then make it a great experience in the house. Make decorations and do holiday things. There is a lot people can do this time of year without going outside that is fun and meaningful. Try to be optimistic even in tough times. Sometimes it is all we can do to get by..	labels:I was thinking about learning how to make my own beer. Two birds one stone.
text:Yeah! That is a great idea. I know people that started doing that and ended up opening their own local brewery. You never know what could happen when you try new things!	labels:That is true.
text:I hope I have been a little helpful for you today. It is tough right now but we can get through it..	labels:Thank you and have a great weekend.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, how are you?
text:Good thanks, so what's troubling you?	labels:I'm so mad at my boyfriend for not taking any responsibility.  I'm about to break up with him.
text:Responsibility in regards to what?  Like in what area of life do you mean?	labels:We've been dating 4 years, meeting in high school.  Now we're graduated and I've gone to college.  He doesn't have a job yet after 1 year.
text:Hmm, has he been looking for work, or just laying around playing video games and shit like that?	labels:I've been away at college and just came home on break so I'm not sure.  He tells me he is looking but I don't know how it's taking a year to get a job.
text:Well, I suppose it's possible that he's been earnestly looking and just not having any luck.  Is he kind of a loser in general, or is he a stand-up guy?	labels:He got average grades in school but didn't really miss days from school.
text:Ok, so it sounds like you're kind of fed up with him in general, and not having a job is maybe just a part of the bigger issue?	labels:That's probably correct.  He hasn't been in contact with me as much since I left for school.  I just expected more.
text:Well,  it sounds like you're both in kind of a transitional period in life.  It's pretty normal for relationships to not necessarily survive through things like this.	labels:That's so sad since we have so many years together, but I feel like I'm moving forward and he is staying in place.
text:Yeah, I mean it's never easy going through a breakup, but people change as they get older and mature, and they aren't necessarily going to still be compatible the whole time.   Also I think it's important to not think of a relationship that peters out as a failed one.   Just because it didn't last until one of you died doesn't mean it wasn't a success.   I think people put too much emphasis on permanence.	labels:That's true, it can maybe just be a stepping stone to build other relationships.  Thanks for the wisdom.
text:Well I've got a couple decades on you, so I've been through this a few times before.   Actually I'm still friends with pretty much all of my exes.   I mean just because I'm not romantically involved with them anymore doesn't mean that they aren't still terrific people.   Hell, I hung out with two of them just today.	labels:That's great you have maintained positive relationships and were also able to move  forward.  Thanks for the advice. I appreciate it.
text:You bet.   So what do you think you'll do from here?   I mean do you know you want to move on for sure, or do you think you'll see if you can work through this patch?  I don't know that there's a wrong answer .	labels:I'm going to spend some time thinking about it some more but won't regret if my choice is to move on.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you.	labels:hi. my friend told my ex boyfriend he was an idiot for dumping me. it made me feel uncomfortable since i was in the same room. now he is talking to me again. i think he might want me back.
text:What are your thoughts on the relationship?	labels:my feelings fluctuate. i resent him that he ended it. it confuses me he still wants to be in my life. he said he wanted to be friends but then asked me out again. i think he is trying to work his way back in. i know i can't keep it up unless he makes it clear he wants to be with me. i don't have time for games.
text:That does sound hard that he is giving mixed signals.	labels:yeah i don't like that. neither does my friend. why she told him he is an idiot for letting me go.
text:Do you think he took your friend's comments seriously?	labels:yes cuz that's when he wanted me to be around him more.
text:It sounds like your friend got him thinking.	labels:it seemed like it did.
text:Do you feel his change is genuine?	labels:to a degree. i think he has ulterior motives too.
text:What would he have to do to prove himself?	labels:say he wants me back or something to that effect. i'd like him to be more direct in what he wants from me.
text:It sounds like it would help if he were direct with you and not sending mixed signals.  Is that correct? It sounds like it would help if he were direct with you and not sending mixed signals.  Is that correct?	labels:yes that would be nice. he tends to beat around the bush then lets me know.
text:Have you talked to anyone else besides your friend about your concerns?  Do you think your family or other friends could give some additional support to you?	labels:yes i've talked to them about it. they've given me some insight into it. i know they want me to be careful. they don't want me to be hurt.
text:That's understandable that they want you to be careful.  My parents and friends watched out for me too.	labels:we are lucky they look out for us. they can't all be wrong if they're guiding us a certain way.
text:I think you hit the nail on the head that it's helpful to have that support.	labels:absolutely. i appreciate your help! nity nite.
text:Thanks.  Can I assist you with anything else?	labels:nope. im good.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, I badly need someone to talk with!.\nhi what’s on your mind today.	labels:My partner left me after fifteen years and I simply do not know what to do..
text:wow. that had to come as a shock. when did you find out.	labels:Things had not been going well for a while but I had not realised just how bad it would be..
text:i'm so sorry to hear that. how long ago did they leave?	labels:About two weeks. I have barely left the house since then. I just do not feel that I can go on..
text:not leaving the house is the new normal for many of us right now. are you not leaving because you have nowhere to go or because you are feeling bad.	labels:I think mostly the latter. I just do not want to face the world any more . I feel that everyone must know that I've been dumped and be laughing at me..
text:you havve already made it two weeks by going one day at a time.	labels:I did not really have any choice though .  I do not see any future for myself now that we are separated..
text:do you know brene brown and her work.	labels:No I do not, who is that?.
text:she studies vuneraility and shame. please look for her TED talk and there's a great youtube video on empathy.	labels:Thank you , I will. Right now I really need some sort of emotional support. I feel that the last fifteen years of my life have been a waste..
text:i bring her up because what i sounds like is that you are feeling embarrassed because your partner made a choice that wasn't you. in reality the choice they made wasn't about you, it was about them.	labels:It is not so much that - it is that I feel that I dedicated the majority of my adult life to this relationship and now there is nothing left..
text:you are left and you are enough. even if you dont feel like it right now you are enough.	labels:I really do not feel like it right now. What was the last fifteen years all about? I wanted to have children with him and he refused but now I hear he is expecting a baby with another woman..
text:a relationship is part of who you are. it isn't you.	labels:But it is very difficult to try to strike out on my own again and I do not know if I even want to..
text:it is hard. it sucks. but the voyage through the suck is going to be better for you than you may realize right now.	labels:But I feel that I am facing middle age on my own and I really do not want to do that..
text:you have survived 14 days without a bad relationship. keep on doing that day by day and before you know it, you will be on the other side of the bad feelings.	labels:What happens if I just can't ever get over it though? Right now it's hard to see any sort of way through these feelings..
text:yes, middle age is scary, but there are so many things you can do. ageism is out.	labels:I feel I might have missed out on my chance to have a family of my own though, because I waited fifteen years and my partner would not go for that..
text:please watch the cartoon animals and brene brown on youtube talk about empathy. find one of your friends who has been through the suck and let them help you find your path out.	labels:Most of my friends seem to be very happily coupled up right now. They are sympathetic but they do not really understand..
text:i had an emergency ovary removal in my early 30s and didn't know if i woudl be able to have children. my doctor told me that the most important thing i could do was to be healthy becuse a healthy mother was what i could give my children even if i adopted them.	labels:That sounds like very good advice from both you and your doctor. It is a difficult thing to have to confront though. I really do appreciate the fact that you have taken the time to talk honestly with me..
text:you want an empathetic friend. nobody has gone through the exact same thing you have but the emotions are common ones. you will be ok, even if you dont feel that way now.	labels:I hope that I will but am not sure. I really do feel rather better about things now though but - there's a long way to go. Thank you so much for your support!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, are things going well with you right now?.	labels:hey, i'm having a rough time. i'm really depressed about the never ending covid situation.
text:I do not blame you. Would you like to tell me what specifically is bad about it for you?.	labels:i am just feeling like there's no good news, i'm constantly onthe verge of tears.
text:So you just feel as though there is nothing to look forward to at the moment?.	labels:yes, it's all doom and gloom there no good news nothing to look forward to.
text:I have to admit that I have been feeling much this way myself. It has been a very long year, hasn't it?.	labels:it has been a long year and i fear it will be a dark, deadly winter.
text:There is the new year to look forward to. It might bring new things - there might be a vaccine, for instance..	labels:that woudl help, but i have been discouraged by the number of people who aren't following the science. why aren't they wearing masks?
text:So you feel that there are a lot of ignorant people out there who are making things worse by refusing to follow the rules?.	labels:yes. things are bad and those peole are making it worse by not following the rules or advice.
text:All we can really do is to follow the rule ourselves and so help to make things better for people!.	labels:we are currently quarantined because my son was exposed to a coworker who tested positive. we should know in a couple of day if he's positiv or not.
text:That must feel very difficult for you. Do you have anyone around who can support you, even if just by leaving groceries outside of your door?.	labels:the number of unkowns with this virus is stressful and makes it even more baffling that people wont follow what we do know. we are well stocked, i did that over the summer, thanksfor asking.
text:I think that some people simply do not have much in the way of current sense. Is it true to say that this is making things worse for you?. common sense, sorry..	labels:really the part that' sthe most upsetting right this very minute is that we are having to wait for the test results before my husband can come home. he works out of state.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm not doing so well. I'm really lonely and kind of sad.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Do you mind me asking what is going on that is making you feel this way?	labels:Thank you. I broke up with my girlfriend. It was the right thing to do, but now I'm really lonely and sad.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. It sounds to me like you're having a hard time dealing with the emotions that you're dealing with after having broken up with your girlfriend. Does this sound right?	labels:Yes, that's right. It's been really hard.
text:I can tell that you're really struggling.	labels:Thank you. I was with her for about a year. It was good at first, of course.
text:I've dealt with these emotions myself. I recently broke up with my now ex-boyfriend. I have been feeling these same emotions.	labels:I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together? The loneliness gets so hard, especially when you just want to tell something to someone.
text:I know it feels terrible, but I think that you reaching out for support is a great first step! I'm really proud of you! You will get through this!	labels:Thank you. Honestly, I'm glad you're there to reach out to.
text:We were together for about 5 years. Yes, the loneliness does get very hard. I'm happy that I can be here to help you and so that you have someone to talk to! I promise to do my best!	labels:Oh wow, that's a long time. And thanks. I appreciate your optimism! I am usually very upbeat and optimistic myself. Thank you. I really appreciate it. Hopefully I can help you somehow too..
text:After my breakup, I found that the best thing to do was to involve myself in other activities that I enjoyed in order to take my mind off of the negative feelings that I was dealing with.	labels:The shiba inu in my profile circle is making me smile. I used to have a shiba inu. :)
text:You seem very kind! I appreciate your willingness to be here for and to listen to me as well! Aww! That makes me happy to hear that seeing my profile picture is making you smile!	labels:That sounds really smart. I've been trying to do that. Of course with a pandemic going on it's more difficult.
text:Have you considered getting into any hobbies to take your mind off of what's going on?	labels:No no... my profile picture. Yours shows up as a squirrel. lol. I usually hike a lot, but my hiking groups aren't going out right now.
text:Oh! I'm so sorry! Haha! Have you considered things like journaling, reading, or arts and crafts?	labels:Maybe I should get a pet squirrel? Yes, I actually read and write quite a bit. Especially for work. That's not overly therapeutic, but it helps nonetheless.
text:That may not be a bad idea! If you really like them and are able to properly care for it, animals can be very therapeutic!	labels:I have one dog who isn't much bigger than a squirrel. She has been an invaluable companion.
text:Writing and reading have been proven to be extremely therapeutic. I used to write down my feelings on a piece of paper and then destroy it (throw it away) once I was done. There's something about it that really seems to help. Aww! That sounds like an adorable dog! What breed of dog is she? I have two cats myself. They make me feel better on a daily basis!	labels:I've tried to keep a journal but I never stick to it. I find that writing letters to friends serves me the same purpose, and it helps me to stay connected, too. Plus, people love getting real, hand-written mail. She is a miniature dachshund. Today she went to the bank with me, and all of the tellers came to the window to look into the car at her. lol  I like cats too. Animals are so healing.
text:That sounds like a great idea! I love the fact that it helps you to stay connected, especially considering (as you already mentioned) that it's difficult to connect right now since we're dealing with COVID-19. I love that you're telling me about your dog and how all of the people at the bank wanted to see her! I bet that made you feel much better.	labels:Yeah, and you're right. There's something therapeutic and cathartic about hand writing that typing does not replicate. Yes, it made me happy to see them fawning over her. And it made her happy because they gave her treats. Dealing with issues during Covid is so rough.
text:I couldn't agree more. Dealing with COVID on top of everything else has been extremely difficult for me. Honestly, I think it is part of what caused a lot of the issues that I'm currently dealing with.	labels:I hope you're handling them okay. I'm generally well except for the whole breakup business. Still, I know I'm better off. It just sucks sometimes.
text:It makes me happy to hear that you know that you're better off. I know it's sad, but accepting that a relationship wasn't meant to be is, in my opinion, the first step to truly getting over someone. A year is a long time to spend with one person.	labels:I wish it was easier and okay to travel right now. A trip or a road trip would do me wonders. So is five years! I hope everything works out for the best for you, too.
text:I completely agree! Where would you go if you were able to right now?	labels:If there was no virus... maybe Scotland or Las Vegas to see some shows. Or up into Canada. (I'm in Pennsylvania.)
text:Thank you so much! We broke up several months ago and I'm already feeling and doing so much better. I am also much better off without that person in my life. I've gained weight back that I couldn't really afford to lose to begin with, I've been more motivated, etc. It really was for the best even though the breakup itself was really difficult. I live in Pennsylvania as well! It's such a small world!	labels:My breakup was a few months ago too. I'm in the Poconos. :)
text:I've always wanted to go to Las Vegas. My brother and his girlfriend just took a trip out there not too long ago.	labels:I've been to Las Vegas about fifteen times. I love it there. I eat, go to shows, go to baseball games... it's awesome.
text:Oh wow! I live right outside of Philadelphia. I have several friends who have houses on Lake Wallenpaupack. It's beautiful up there!	labels:Wow, that's maybe an hour from me. I grew up outside of Reading. I live right by Blue Mountain.
text:That's so cool! I've never been on a plane and I've never been anywhere north or west of Pennsylvania. I've been in every state from PA down to Florida, but nowhere else. I really need to travel more! That sounds like a beautiful area. Have you considered going skiing, snowboarding, or snow tubing since you live right near Blue Mountain?	labels:Omg, yes. Travel! I've been to some really strange places. It's awesome. lol.
text:I went snow tubing at Blue Mountain once. It was so much fun!	labels:I haven't, but maybe I should! I teach, and I always have students who work there. lol. Come to think of it, they might sabotage my tube. lol. That's a really good idea though. Thanks. I always see groupons for tubing, too.
text:You should look into it! It was a lot of fun when I went. I believe they're still open right now even though COVID is still going on. It took my mind off of everything while I was there.	labels:Yes, they are open. I got an email yesterday or today that they're making snow now.
text:Groupon is awesome! You're very welcome. I'm happy to help you think of things that you can do to make yourself feel better.	labels:Let's go tubing! lol j/k.
text:Wow! That's great to know! I might look into taking a trip up there myself with my daughter. She's 12 years old. She would absolutely love it!	labels:I miss getting together with friends. And live music and live sports.
text:I would love to! That truly does sound like a lot of fun! I do too! I also love live music and I REALLY like football. GO EAGLES!	labels:I love hockey. I have season tickets to the WB Penguins, but they haven't played since March. Hit me up at randythepoet at gmail! :) It's almost 30 minutes. Thank you!
text:I'd love to go to a hockey game. I've never been to one. Thanks for your email!	labels:I appreciate your help and ideas! I loooooove hockey. And live music. I go to hockey games in Allentown, too.
text:You already seem like you're feeling better! I really do hope that I helped you somewhat! I wish you the best of luck and I'm really glad that you are open to new ideas.	labels:I do! And thank you again. I hope everything works out great for you (and your daughter). :) I'm going to finish the chat. Thanks again!
text:Thank you so much! Have a wonderful day and a Happy Thanksgiving! And you're very welcome. Chatting with you was very nice.	labels:You too! Have a great Thanksgiving. It was awesome chatting with you!	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing?	labels:Hi im good. How r u.
text:I'm well.  How can I help you?	labels:I'm a bit confused what I should do. I've been laying low for now. I think I guy I dated might still be interested. But there is another one who is interested now. But he hasn't stepped up yet. Not sure if I should forget about both of them and stay single.
text:It sounds like you are struggling with deciding on your relationship with partners.	labels:yeah. not sure if either one is worth it or not.
text:It's good you are asking yourself questions.  What do you want out of the relationships?	labels:Something normal! Im fine with being single too. It comes with a lot less drama.
text:It sounds like the relationships give you a lot of drama.  What do you crave in a relationship?	labels:companionship and nonconditional support. committment and that is hard to find out here these days. a lot of guys want the physical without the commitment. I'm getting too old for those games.
text:I understand where you are coming from.  I've seen a lot of men in relationships not be so committed for real, but just like the physical part.	labels:yep. like my aunt said why pay for the milk when you can get the cow for free. i've done that for years and im getting tired of it. not to mention my libido is slowing down so i see things clearer.
text:Just from chatting with you, I see that you feel like you want more from the relationship and would like commitment on more than one level.	labels:yes when it comes down to it. and i don't know if i will ever find it- especially these days. and i don't want to settle.
text:I had to look for someone who was committed in all areas and only figured this out after making mistakes.  I can see you have really shown maturity in learning from your experiences.	labels:it's easy to settle when you're attracted to the guy. I have learned a lot from my past. I'm afraid the two might find out about each other. Not sure if it's a good thing or not.
text:From what I've seen having confidence in yourself and what you feel in your heart won't lie.	labels:do you think it's good if they find out about each other? sometimes guys try harder when they know there is competition. sometimes it makes them run the other way.
text:Do you think one may have jealousy and get aggressive if he finds out?  It's a personal decision that takes some thought..	labels:honestly im not sure. there is always that risk when doing that with guys. i better think long and hard before doing that!
text:It sounds like you put a lot of thought into things which can be helpful in decision making.	labels:i think so. keeps me out of some potential messes.
text:Can I help you with anything else?	labels:not at the moment. thanks for your input! nity nite.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I find myself shaking at night.\nI'm sorry you are going through that. Why do you think you are worried?	labels:I just miss the physical comfort and support.
text:I have also struggled with that in the past. It can be difficult!	labels:Yes, I feel so lonely.
text:Can you think of things that don't make you feel lonely? We can work on focusing on those instead.	labels:Yes, I guess I could try to turn things around to a positive focus on what I do have.
text:That's a great idea. I think you will be headed in the right direction doing that.	labels:How do I stop the shaking at night?  Do you have suggestions?
text:I would work on making sure you are in a positive mindset before you go to bed and try to focus on the things you can control.	labels:Maybe I could think of things in my life like my new nephew to cheer me up!  He is so cute and makes me smile.
text:That is a wonderful idea. You are on the right track with that. You should try to think about him before bed and see if it help tonight!	labels:I wish I were home and not in college though but I guess I am growing up and will learn from this to make me stronger.
text:I also struggled with that when I was in college. Being away from home is hard but you have to remember that you can do hard things!	labels:I need to remember that college is only temporary and I will have their support in the future again in person.  It's just so hard.
text:That is very true. It is only temporary, you will be reunited with your family soon. But also, you have their support, it just might look a little different at this time.	labels:Thanks for the positive words.  I think I'll be sleeping better at night thinking of these words of encouragement.
text:It sounds like you are on the right path to success and not having as much trouble sleeping.	labels:Thank you for helping me feel somewhat better.
text:I'm glad you are feeling somewhat better. Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance. I'm glad you are feeling somewhat better. Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance.	labels:I feel like I'm good.  Thanks for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi there I was hoping you can help me.
text:Sure. What can I help you with?	labels:Well you see I am heartbroken and I can't seem to move on from a previous relationship, and its been over two years. Do you have any advice?
text:I’m understand how hard ending a relationship can be.. What do you find is the hardest thing for you each day. That is, where do you find it hardest to move on?	labels:Well I would say mentally because I frequently think about her and constantly have memories throughout the day. Also when i hear a certain song or see a restaurant it makes me think of her.
text:Memories are a blessing and a curse. Are the memories and thought you are  having positive or negative?.	labels:They are a mix of both because at one point they were positive and now when I think about it, it brings me down in a negative way. What have you done in the past to help you move on from a break up?
text:It’s hard when we have various emotions. These memories being more negative are hard to cope with. In my experience, if I rethink memories regarding relationships which tend to bring me down in way that is a learning experience, I feel more empowered..	labels:Yeah I agree that's what I have been doing too, and it's nice to know that you do the same.
text:In my past I have been able to try and look at each  relationship as a chance to grow. To figure out what worked with that person and what didn’t. I have them used this as a tool for the future..	labels:That's a good way to look at it.
text:You are making good steps to rethink the situations. Is there anything else contributing to the heat rack you still feel? Heartbreak.	labels:Well I have also not met anyone since and fear that I will not fall in love again.
text:That is difficult. I understand how it feels to be lonely. Something I’ve done when I’ve felt that way was to learn to fall in love with myself. I like to do self care and make time for things I might not have time for if I were in a relationship..	labels:hmm interesting I have never thought about falling in love with myself..maybe I will give it a try. Thanks.
text:It’s so important to love yourself. Self love breeds confidence and confidence is not only attractive, but powerful in so many ways .	labels:I appreciate the feedback and support, you have helped me take the next step to move on with my life.
text:I’m glad I could help. You will overcome this..	labels:Thank you and hope to talk to you again. Have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, could I ask you for some help?.\nhi! how are you doing today? of course! Whst's up?	labels:Well not too great really. I am on furlough from my job because of the lockdown..
text:how long ago did that happen?	labels:It has been happening for most of 2020. I briefly returned to work but now I am furloughed again! What should I do?.
text:have you filed for unemployment or are you getting paid through your work?	labels:I get a certain amount of my salary but it is not enough to pay for all my expenses. Additionally I am feeling really bad about the fact that I can't leave home very often..
text:not being able to go anywhere is hard. we are all feeling that right now. is it that you are feeling money woes or being cooped up - which bothers you most?	labels:I think it is a combination of both but - perhaps mostly the money worries. It would be ironic if we were to be made homeless at a time when we're not legally supposed to be outside for very long!.
text:indeed. you mentioned that the salary you are getting doesn't cover everything. is it not covering houseing expenses?	labels:We can just about scrape by on our mortgage but we were really struggling on other monthly expenses and are worried that some of them might not be paid by the bank..
text:it's very scary and stressful! when i have faced a money crisis i have paid mortgage first, car second and then talked to utilities and explained the situation, woudl that help.	labels:I have not really thought about reaching out to any of the people that we have to pay because I am afraid that they might not be sympathetic. Do you think it would be a good idea?.
text:i think that most people understand that there are many people in a huge crunch right now. i don't see that it woudl hurt to talk to them and be honest.	labels:I suppose that I probably do not have anything to lose - all that they can say is that they won't help us!.
text:and in that case you are no worse off.	labels:This is very true. It does help to realise that I am not the only person in this position right now!.
text:what have you been doing at home now that you aren't working to keep busy?	labels:I have been keeping in touch with friends and family on social media. It is a lifeline but I would still really prefer to be back out there at work!.
text:i agree! there's nothing like real interaction. it's good that you are keeing in touch with people, many people are feeling isolated right now.	labels:Do you think that this situation is going to be over anytime soon? It would really make a difference to me to think that it was..
text:the 1918 spanish flu pandemic was followed by the roaring 1920's -- so i think if history repeats itself we will be good! seriously though, the vaccine news is quite encouraging.	labels:Well yes but the twenties were followed by the Great Depression - I am not sure how encouraging that is :D. This is true - perhaps with the vaccine we can get back to normal sooner than later..
text:LOL  hopefully people will stop being mask stubborn and the vaccines will get us back to a modified normal within the next year.	labels:I always wear a mask when I leave the house - it is the sensible thing to do!.
text:you are absolutely right! i don't understand the resistance to mask wearing. it's baffling. i'm so glad you are staying safe.	labels:Quite! Do people really want to be infected? Does it hurt them so much to wear a mask and socially distance? I can get back to work sooner (and so can we all) if everyone adheres to recommendations.. You have helped me to see that there might be an end in sight to this - thank you very much..
text:we have a real wave of ignorance going on right now, total denial of reality and it's frustrating.	labels:Perhaps things will be better come January ... you never know :).
text:fingers crossed!!	labels:On that note, thank you so much for cheering me up .. best wishes!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhi there. How are you?	labels:I am so frustrated.
text:May I ask why you are feeling frustrated?	labels:Yes, my school was closed without warning because of COVID.
text:Oh I understand how that could make you so frustrated, that would make me frustrated too. I am waiting to hear about my school.	labels:Yes I don't even know what is going to happen with finals now.
text:I am sure that whatever happens, you will do well with them. Have you thought about talking to an administrator at your school?	labels:I hope so. But I feel like this could have been handled better. Not yet, there is a waiting list to talk to an academic advisor.
text:that is all the more reason to be frustrated, i commend you for having to deal with that!	labels:Thanks. I feel like my head is going to explode though. The remainder of the semester is going to be online.
text:Have you thought about talking to a close friend or someone you trust about these stressors?	labels:Yes, I talked with my friend about it and she said don't worry. But I can't help it.
text:I understand why are you are worried though, that is a lot honestly..	labels:I was doing so well in my classes too. Very close to graduating.
text:Do you think that your grades will go down with the switch to online?	labels:Yes, I don't do well with online learning.
text:I have seen that be the case for many people. Hopefully your professors will be understanding with the switch.	labels:I hope so too.
text:Well I really hope that everything goes well for you! You sound like you are prepared.	labels:Thank you and thanks for letting me confide in you. It's a weird and sad time these days.
text:of course! I hope the rest of your year goes well.	labels:Thank you so much. And I hope all is well by you too.
text:Thank you!	labels:Enjoy the holidays and be safe!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhi there, how can i help you this evening?	labels:I am just alone and have nobody to talk to and can't make friends because i have been through too much.
text:im sorry to hear that, care to talk about it?	labels:sure.
text:why do yo think you are having a hard time making fiendships?	labels:Because everyone I come across is into drugs and I do not do drugs.
text:are you in support or recovery yourself?	labels:recovery myself. I can not do it but I also have relapsed because of someone I met so I am just alone now because I am not going to do drugs again.
text:i know that can be a very tough situation, my father and brother are both addicts. it helps to have a good support structure around you to stay in your sobriety. do you go to any group meetings or support groups?	labels:yes it does and I have no support because i moved to a new state so all my family is in tn and i am in ga now, no i do not i might think about that though i was thinking of maybe doing something online, but my finance is and i are doing a long distance thing for now and I do not want to accidentally go over a line if i happen to be paired with a male to talk to so i am just here waiting for him to get home.
text:well, when it comes to support groups, you can choose your sponsors and people who you want to build your support group with, i know it can be hard living in a state away from your family, i live in California and my family lives in Texas. You could also look at married men as an acceptable solution to avoiding that line as well. are you religious at all?	labels:no i dont think that would go over well. No i am agnostic. I do wish i had a good friend that knew me who I could talk to. he told me i could talk to one friend in tn and i call when i need something but it bothers him so i try not to do that.
text:there are always groups on social media, some are even local. so your fiance is upset when you talk to your friend back home?	labels:yeah it bothers him. and i don't want to bother him..
text:is your fiancé in reovery himself?	labels:yes he is.
text:do you talk to him about how you are feeling about your recovery as well? or is this conversations that you only have with your friend?	labels:i talk to him about everything. he has been a good listener.
text:well thats great!! its important to have someone you can vent to. well thats great!! its important to have someone you can vent to. sorry dont know why that posted twice..	labels:yes it is. i thank you for your time. I hope you have a good day. thanks for the chat.
text:your welcome. good luck. and im proud of your sobriety!! :)	labels:thank you have a nice night!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how can I help you today?	labels:I'm sad because I found out my boyfriend broke up with me once he saw I came from a poor neighborhood.
text:That's terrible. How awful he is.	labels:Yes, I kind of depressed over it though because I thought he loved me.
text:I understand how you feel, especially when you're looked down by the one you care the most.	labels:I wish I had a different home, but I can't change that now.  I'm trying to work so hard to do better, but it will take time.
text:It is not your fault. It's actually your ex's problem. There is nothing to feel ashamed of.	labels:Thanks for the encouragement.
text:You can actually use this as a motivation to show your ex how much he missed.	labels:I think he is missing out on a lot, but he isn't going to realize this now.
text:yes that's the right attitude. As long as you are determined, I believe you can do anything you want.	labels:Do you think someone else will love me for who I am?
text:Of course, you will find the right one soon.	labels:How can I move forward?  Should I try to get him back and get him to realize he is not looking at my heart?
text:Use the time you have now to invest in yourself. When you're the best version of yourself, the right person will come to you natually.	labels:Can I invest my time in anyone from outside my neighborhood?
text:No, there is no reason trying to win that guy back, Even if he comes back after you get successful, he's after your status, not you yourself. Of course, however, the best person will come in your life when you're not looking.	labels:That sounds like good advice.
text:As I said, good things will eventually come to you.	labels:Thanks so much.  That is reassuring.  I'm starting to feel better.
text:If you feel lonely, talk to your friends and share your feelings with them.	labels:That sounds like it will be helpful.
text:I hope you feel better.	labels:I am feeling so much better.  Thanks!
text:I'm glad I could be a bit help for you.	labels:Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you?	labels:I chose a past experience so this will be hypothetical. But I'm looking for ideas for other resources for this course since my professor isn't helpful.
text:I see you are looking for some resources on a course that your professor isn't helping you with.  What kind of questions do you have?	labels:What other ways can I get help to perform better? Who should I talk to?
text:Are you looking for help to perform better in a certain subject in college?	labels:Yeah I am, it's differential equations. Are you able to see the situation description I wrote that has more details?
text:I didn't see all the specifics but I remember taking that class.  I went to my counselor and got a tutor which helped so much.  It was offered for free at the college.  Do you think you that is something you'd like to check out?	labels:Yeah that could be useful. I'm not sure if my school offers that - the math department isn't very good. I'm an engineering major. I wonder if an engineering professor or student could help instead.
text:I had a student who was a genius (by my standards) helping me and he was so patient and understanding.  This lessened the pressure and helped me move forward successfully in the class.	labels:Yeah that would be helpful. I think I need to hear things a different way. The professor is very confusing, but when I have gotten help from other students the concepts don't seem hard. I just don't do well with his teaching style I guess, it's not that I'm not smart enough to understand. Does that make sense?
text:Yes, I understand that sometimes being able to interpret things from someone who can communicate well can make the difference in understanding things. .	labels:Yeah, it can be very stressful when I don't understand though. I'm normally a very good student so it's easy to be hard on myself. But it's good to hear that this is a pretty common experience.
text:Yes, I had a 100% average almost in high school and still struggled with the class.  I kind of wish they videotaped the classes that I could rewind and go back to at the time of college.  When I got to grad school, I ended up being able to audio record sessions and understood things so much better because I could reference the books while listening to a lecture.  That made so much difference. .	labels:Yeah that sounds really nice. One of the hardest things was that the professor would never go back and explain what he did, so a problem might be 20 minutes long and if you got confused 3-4 minutes in you were just lost for the rest of it.
text:Lots of research also has shown that getting enough sleep is important for performance as well.	labels:That is actually one thing I'm pretty good at. I'm miserable when I'm tired, so I almost always get 7-8 hours a night.
text:It sounds like you are making efforts to do your best to sleep and understand the materials.  You can give yourself a pat on the back for all the great efforts!	labels:Thanks! It's reassuring to know other people felt the same way with this course. Sometimes I felt like I was dumb or lazy because I didn't understand, but it sounds like it's just challenging and those feelings are normal.
text:Sometimes you have to give yourself more credit because you are doing a good job.	labels:Yeah, that has always been hard for me, but I'll try to be deliberate about that.
text:Do you feel better about the situation?	labels:I do, thanks!
text:Great, I hope you keep encouraged and working hard toward your goals because you deserve the very best with your hard work.	labels:I am, thank you. I feel good, and I think we have completed the requirements of the study, so I am good with wrapping up our chat now if you are.
text:Great!  Have a good day.	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, are you free to talk?.\nHello, how can i help you today?	labels:I have been feeling terrible about the death of my dad. It would have been his birthday last week and that makes it even worse..
text:Oh no... I am sorry to hear that. It must be devastating. Was it an accident, illness or natural old age?	labels:He was only in his early sixties but he suffered a number of health problems, including early onset dementia..
text:That is rough, both for you and him. I know it's meaningless to tell you not to be sad, however, you can think that he's not in a better place.	labels:I presume you mean now and not not ;). Though I simply am not a believer. It just made me think how meaningless life was.
text:oh sorry, yyeah I mean now. Life is... fleeting isn't it? I sometimes think it's meaningless too.	labels:I do not really know what to do about my feelings. They are not going away..
text:I feel you, coping with losing your loved ones is never easy. In fact, it's confusing when you grieve and even when you recover and move on.	labels:Do you think that people ever really recover from a significant bereavement?. I think that what you said there was very wise. Maybe it's worse, in some ways, to feel that your grief has lessened .. there is guilt that comes with that..
text:I don't think people can completely get over that, you just get used to the pain of not having them around.	labels:Whilst it hurts to think about him being dead, I think that it would hurt more if I had totally forgotten about him and did not think about him every day..
text:I just need you to know that whatever your feeling is, it's completely normal and you shouldn't feel guilty for having it.	labels:It is just - very hard. I keep thinking about all the times I disagreed with him or did not appreciate him enough and I never got to tell him how much I loved him..
text:Your dad wouldn't want to see you grieving everyday either. You should live the way you know he'd love to see. I believe he knew you loved him regardless how much you two argued.	labels:I know that he did :). I had just not expected to lose him at such a comparatively young age. He did not get to enjoy his retirement!.
text:That's sad when he spent all his time taking care of the family and yet could not enjoy his free time.	labels:Yes. I think it would have been easier to deal with had he not immediately descended into very bad health as soon as he retired and had had time to have some fun..
text:have you considered seeking therapist? We almost never think of that service, but in a lot of case, people actually need help from professionals when grieving.	labels:I can't really afford to have therapy at the moment. Also I know that my dad was just have considered it to be a waste of money - he was very careful with money..
text:he seemed to be a great man. Instead of regretting what happened, celebrate how great of a person he was.	labels:That is a really sensible suggestion and it cheers me up to think of it. You have been a really great help to me..
text:I'm glad I could be some help for you.	labels:You really have been. I hope you have a great rest of day!.	episode_done:True
text:How can I be of support?	labels:I've lost my job due to COVID and I'm really worried.
text:That is so difficult because you lost your job. What are your goals at this point?	labels:I want to look for a new job, but I'm worried about being out with COVID.
text:I see that you are worried because working in an environment while dealing with COVID is scary.	labels:I don't know where to begin.
text:Are you interested or open to looking for a different career path?	labels:Not particularly but I am open to it.
text:I can see that it is stressful looking into another career path, but you have work experience which will help you on that path if you choose that.	labels:Where do I begin to look for new jobs?
text:Often times career centers can help you to find job opportunities or perhaps online college could be an option if you want to further your education.	labels:Those sound like great ideas some of which I hadn't thought about before.
text:I had a college degree but found out my career wasn't working out financially.  Online college became a lifesaver because I could have the flexibility of being at home.  You don't have to be  exposed to COVID when doing online work or college options.	labels:Yes, that's true.  Maybe that will help me pass the time too when it is so hard to be at home.  I would be working toward a long term goal.
text:Some people share their concerns with family members or friends.  Are you open to discussing the problem with others to get some support?	labels:I think that would be a good idea. .
text:I think that the support of family can be so helpful especially when in this difficult situation.	labels:Thank you for the help.  I feel a lot more comfortable thinking about the future.
text:I'm glad to hear this.  Is there anything else I can do for you?	labels:I think that I'm okay now and can move forward in a positive direction.  Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How may I support you today?	labels:I have an issue in that coronavirus and all the news is giving me a lot of anxiety. I really don't want to leave the house and start to panic at the thought.
text:I totally understand. The pandemic is once in a lifetime event and it has turned all our lives upside down. I hope you are aware about the potential vaccines with great success rate announced my major pharma companies.	labels:Yes. I watch the news and it's everywhere these days. There seems no end to it.
text:Yes, there seems to be some credibility to the claim - the effectiveness of the vaccine. So I would say even though it seems a lot difficult, there is some hope early next year.	labels:What of his vaccine doesn't work. Even the thought of leaving the house still feels me with worry and I start to feel panicked. It's like my mental Outlook has completely changed.
text:I understand your concern. In fact, a lot of people have questioned the effectiveness given how fast it was developed. Are you anxious because you have to provide for your family besides yourself?	labels:In fact I have been on sick leave from work since it started. My partner is understanding to a point but yes, I'll need to provide once this is all over. I'm starting to think I'll be scared of leaving the house, even when Covid gets managed and we gather back to 'normal'
text:I too, have been working from home for the past 9 months. And I am the sole provider for my family. So I understand how frustrating this can be.	labels:it's great that you can relate. how are you managing those frustrations?
text:The key, however, is our mindset and how we approach the problem. If you are afraid about going our during peak hours, you can step outside during non-peak hours. This is just an example. Everybody's situations and preferences vary. I am frustrated, but I cannot cultivate inaction. Because I have mouths to feed. So I have developed a mindset to tackle the problem by taking all the precautions I possible can.	labels:so you mean maybe leave the house when it's really quiet to begin with? then slowly build on that over time. isn't this called exposure therapy. I think I have read about this.
text:In essence, I know the factors under my control, and I try to control them and work them in my favour. I make it a point not to worry too much about factors outside my control.	labels:I suppose it makes no sense to worry about things you can't control. I think from my perspective that's exactly the problem, not having control. I don't know why this has affected me so much?
text:Because it's a new situation to most of the world's population! People take time to adjust. You take care of factors under your control - wearing a mask , social distancing when outside and washing/sanitizing hands whenever you can. Try not to pay too much attention to factors OUTSIDE your control - how many people are there and if social distancing is followed to the letter by OTHERS.	labels:yes I know about all the guidance and it would help to follow this. I see my friends dealing with it just fine. I wonder what is making it so hard for me? perhaps I'm overthinking it and just worrying about it excessively.
text:Ya, that might be the root cause. Talk with your partner and try going out when you and them feel it is safe to do so. Start cautiously, then slowly return to your "normal" outdoor times. It can be intimidating at first, but if you don't try, you may never be able to overcome the anxiety or fear.	labels:yeah I think I really need to give that go. if that doesn't work maybe there are some support groups out there?
text:I am sure there are, but make sure those groups are social distancing as well. We are all in this together and we can definitely overcome it :)	labels:So true! also I think I need to stop watching the news and obsessing about this.
text:Yes. You can distract yourself with music or comedy shows. Or a long lost hobby. After all, one good thing about COVID is, it has put more time on our plates.	labels:the one thing I do have is time. Thanks for talking through this with me.
text:It was nice chatting with you as well. Take care and stay safe.	labels:you too take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how are you doing?	labels:Ok Kinda, my back is just hurting so bad today.
text:So you have an issue with your back, are you experiencing constant pain?	labels:yes, it is like a real Charlie Horse that just won't stop.
text:Have you been doing an activity that has triggered this? Or have you woken up and felt a difference?	labels:It has been going on for over ten years now. I can't hardly walk and I can't hardly sit still.
text:Ok so to confirm you have constant back pain and this has been going on for over 10 years and you just want a solution to mitigate that pain.	labels:Yes, I have had back surgery, tried Yoga, and chiropractors, and physical therapy. Nothing has worked.
text:I know that constant pain is definitely up there with one of the most difficult things a person can deal with. It can also affect your mental health over time but there are solutions out there that can help.	labels:It is just hard, waking up in the middle of the night with pain and not being able to go back to sleep. It drives me nuts some days and I just stay away from everyone..
text:from what I can tell you have tried many Solutions. I can see that you are committed to finding something that can work for you. personally I think it is only a matter of time until you find the right combination for you if you can stay positive.	labels:I try to hide the pain from my family because the man of the house is suppose to be strong and provide for his family. I have a very loving wife and a set of twin boys that just turned 13. I am blessed in so many ways but I still seem to have to suffer to enjoy it.
text:if I'm being honest I can relate to this. I have a young son and a small family myself. I have had problems with my hearing and tinnitus that is manageable at the moment but constant. in feels like nobody understands just how difficult this can be.	labels:I feel your pain, I have came a long way in managing the pain mentally. I try to block it out and keep my mind busy to not think about it. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't..
text:ok so I assume you spoken to many medical professionals about this. have you had a diagnosis?	labels:I have sever spinal stenosis and a deteriorating bone disease. The surgeon said it was worse than he thought and he done all he could. He was afraid to go any deeper because I might not walk again if he did.
text:you have clearly been through a really tough time and my heart goes out to you at how well you are dealing with this. you seem like a very positive person and I appreciate how hard this must be a times. you also care great deal for your family and they're helping you to get through this. I think you are strong and can continue being positive!	labels:Thanks for the words of encouragement. It makes me feel better knowing that people in the real world still care about others and how they feel..
text:if I am being completely honest I think you are incredibly strong. Have you seen a pain management specialist that can help you block out pain? also there may be new advances in pain relief so it would be a good idea to keep up with advances in managing pain. You may be able to take part in studies for new developments.	labels:Sounds great, I will check into it with my doctor. Have a nice day..
text:take care it was nice talking to you.	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, I am desperate to get some help for my ongoing depression, is there anything that you can do?\nHello, I am certainly gonna try to help! What triggered the depression tonight?\	labels:Well, it's not really any worse tonight than it has been for years. I just don't know how to get out of it and I suspect that I might never be able to..
text:Not that I'm typically a fan of this, but there are certain justifications and it has its place. Have you sought professional help?	labels:I have been prescribed some medication by my GP but I cannot really afford professional counselling..
text:There are a lot of programs in place to assist those who're in need of psychiatric evaluation and treatment but dont have the financial means to pursue it.	labels:I am sorry for the delay, I had a personal emergency. What sort of things are you talking about?.
text:Do you live in the US>?	labels:No, I am British. There are limited resources available here but not many and there's a waiting list..
text:Have you placed your name on the lists?	labels:The trouble is also that I have tried a variety of medications and none has really been all that helpful. Yes, I am on some waiting lists but I do not know how long it might take to get to the top of them.
text:Medication isn't always the best solution. I speak from personal experience. Also,  its better to be inching up a list than reluctant to be on it at all.	labels:Why do you say that medication is not the best idea? I am aware that it is not a panacea but it can help to take the edge off, as it were..
text:It absolutely can take that edge off, but often so can many other things, like painting, writing, talking to a friend or a stranger even. I don't mean to suggest you stop any medication without medical advising. I simply mean to say that there are advantageous methods of therapy that dont involve a pill.	labels:I think that there are some conditions where medication is necessary but I do take your point that there are other things that we can do to alleviate symptom. Maybe it is best to do these things in tandem?.
text:You're absolutely right that sometimes there is a need for medication. My mother suffers from depression as do I. She has to take Effexor everyday for her condition. I,  however went through COUNTLESS combinations and never found a relief as helpful as when I write and talk to people.	labels:I also went through a lot of different combinations before ending on on Prozac. I think that different things work for different people. I do not find it very easy to talk to people..
text:Have you explored other theraputic avenues to synchronize with the medication?	labels:No, I am rather way of 'natural' or homeopathic medicine. Are there any kinds that you could recommend?.
text:You're doing VERY well talking to me! Had you not said anything, I would have assumed that to be the best  choice! But if you're an introvert, then my first suggestion is to journal..	labels:I do do a lot of that but I would feel too shy to show anyone my journal. Your help has been invaluable though and I do feel more receptive to other forms of treatment now..
text:That way you can reflect on what you've written and possibly learn patterns, triggers, moodswings and other information that would help the problem. Journaling is for YOU. No one else has to ever see it if you don't want them too. Glad I can help.	labels:I often do go over things that I've rewritten but there can be long periods where I just feel that I have nothing to say. Thank you so much for your help though, I do feel a lot better! I hope to see you again soon..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?\nHi there! How may I support you?	labels:Well, I'm really upset with my friends.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. Did something happen?	labels:Yes, they aren't taking COVID seriously.
text:Oh that is so hard. I have family that isn't taking COVID seriously as well, and its so frustrating to see. Are you able to talk to them about your concerns?	labels:Yes but they get angry with me. I don't know how to get through to them,
text:Some people express their frustrations in certain ways. Do you think there is another way to communicate with them? It's also okay to stand up for yourself and stand by what you feel is right..	labels:I really don't know I just haven't been seeing them at all but I see through social media that they have large parties but I do feel left out. It's a weird dynamic.
text:It sounds like you're finding it hard to balance the isolation you feel during this pandemic, while you know it's the safest option, with the social gatherings your friends are having. Does that sound right?	labels:That's exactly right.
text:that is such a hard position to be in. it sounds like you are doing your best by choosing to be safe and keep your distance..	labels:I'd like to think so but I wish they would too. It's hard to know what is right.
text:I have found that having vitural movie nights, or going on socially distanced walks with my pals has been so helpful with staying connected. Is this something you think your friends would be willing to try?	labels:Yes, but they'll have their BBQs and parties anyway. They are having a group Thanksgiving and there will be a lot of people there. My husband and I feel bad that we aren't going, but we also know it isn't smart.
text:I think a lot of people are going by the notion that you can't live your life in fear, and that they're going to have these big family gathering regardless of what is happening with COVID. The stats have shown that after holidays the cases have surged, for example, memorial day, 4th of July, labor day. But I think its important to remember the bigger picture that peoples lives are literally at stake and the people that disregard need to be more aware..	labels:We feel like after this is all over, they will still remind us that we were standoffish during this time. And I agree. The longer we put it off and don't take it seriously, the longer it will last.
text:Can you tell them that that just isn't the case? You and your husband are making the right choice by staying home for the safety of yourselves and others. If I am correct, it has nothing to do with the fact that you don't want to see your pals and family! From chatting with you it sounds like your relationships with these people is incredibly important to you.	labels:Yes that's totally accurate. Yes they are. They are good people. They just think living for the moment is the bigger picture.
text:I hope your friends can see how important they are to you and thats a huge reason why you're not seeing them..	labels:I think they do. They just think that this is a hoax.
text:I know a lot of people that think the same thing. I have one friend who thought that, and they ended up contracting COVID. Thankfully she was ok, but after she got it she definitely didn't think it was a hoax anymore. I hope they understand the risk they are taking..	labels:That's scary. Yeah I don't think they get it.
text:I am proud of the choices you are making and I hope you can take some comfort in knowing that you are doing your part in helping keep things under control. There is a strength in numbers and the more people who understand that the faster it can be controlled..	labels:Thank you. I hope it gets better. But anyway thank you for giving me the chance to open up.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you today?	labels:I'm disgusted with my professors that they don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
text:I understand that you are feeling like your professors don't see you as a person with feelings. What happened to make you feel this way?	labels:I have testing all the time and study non-stop, but the professors don't seem to encourage or support me.  They just see me as a number I feel.
text:That's hard to feel like they are treating you like a number when you are working so hard.  Have you talked to them about it?	labels:It's hard to trust them when I'm seen as 1 of 100 people.  If I am struggling they don't flinch or ask me how they can assist.  I just am expected to. tough it out.
text:I had a similar experience in my college days. It was very difficult to have so much pressure to succeed and feel so alone.  You can do though because you are working hard and want to succeed.	labels:Thanks for the encouragement.  Where do I start to help myself feel better?
text:I see you are anxious about this when talking to you, but have you thought about getting some support from other students in your position?	labels:That sounds like a good idea.  Maybe they are feeling this way too.
text:Also sometimes just stepping back and taking some deep breaths can help to alleviate some anxieties. Have you tried that ever?	labels:I will have to give that a try.  I've done that in the past and had forgotten just how much that helped me before. .
text:That is reassuring that it worked before for you and  can work again.	labels:I'm so worried about failing because I just don't feel the support from my professors to care either way for my successes.  It's so different from high school and home when my parents encouraged me and supported me full-heartedly. .
text:College can be quite a change from the protective atmosphere of home.  Have you tried any support groups or religious groups for encouragement?	labels:I am religious so perhaps I could seek a group out and they could help with encouraging me. .
text:I was a  part of a religious group in college and they were very supportive even praying for me on exam days.  I felt they helped me with my success by planting seeds of positive feedback to me.	labels:I used to be part of one during high school years, and that sounds like it would help.
text:Are you starting to feel better about the situation?	labels:Yes, I do thinking about other people filling in the gaps and supporting me when others won't or can't. Thanks for chatting.  This was helpful.
text:You are welcome.  I wish you well.	labels:I think I have a few tools now to make things better.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How may I support you today?	labels:Hi there, I am currently going through a kind of job crisis and I'm not sure how to move forward..
text:I can totally understand how frustrating a job search can be. I was recently in the job market as well, as my contract was not extended due to budget reasons! Is your line of business affected by Corona virus pandemic?	labels:I actually have a job, but I made a mistake and I think I could get in trouble and I'm not sure how to approach my manager about the mistake I made. It is, we have been working from home since March. I actually started my job working from home, something that wasn't expected when I was first hired.
text:Ok, apologies for my earlier assumption! May I please know more details about the nature of your problem?	labels:Thats ok! We had been given a deadline for end of day this upcoming monday to have a number of projects completed. Some projects take only part of day to complete while others take multiple. I made the mistake of prioritizing the ones that take less time to be sure I was able to get as many done as possible. I in turn, forgot to start the other projects that take a couple of days until friday (yesterday) so now these couple of projects wont be done by the deadline.
text:Ok, if I understand correctly, you prioritized some work to be done later, which unfortunately had an earlier deadline, is that correct?	labels:Yes essentially. They all had to be done the same day, but I prioritized the work that took less time in order to get more of them completed. So now these ones that take longer (with the same deadline) wont be finished in time. I'm worried about talking to my manager about this. I know the mistake I made, but I'm afraid that won't be enough to make up for my mistake.
text:We all make mistakes, don't we? Don't worry too much about it. Just be honest to your manager regarding what transpired.. The way you feel bad about it while chatting with me, I am sure you are a great employee that wants to make things right.	labels:We do, and its my first mistake in the 8 months I've been working here.
text:I am sure it's a honest mistake and let your manager know that you will be better at time management and prioritization moving forward.	labels:Oh thank you thats kind of you to say. That is good advice.
text:You tell him that this has been a valuable lesson and you have learned a lot from it. And that this mistake would not happen again. If your manager is a leader and not a boss, he would appreciate your honesty and give you chance to rectify. Otherwise, at least, you now know what type of manager you are working for!	labels:you are so right!! thank you for putting this all into perspective.
text:I have been in similar situation a lot. All the best :)	labels:Thank you again, have a great evening :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, could you please give me some advice?\nHello, would you like to explain your situation and we can go through  it together.	labels:I feel that I am blowing my future because I am just not scoring well on tests these days. I just don't feel motivated to work as hard as I know that I should.
text:So you don't feel motivated and you are not scoring well, have I understood that correctly?	labels:Yes. I know that the two things are probably related but I just do not know what to do about them.
text:What are you currently studying?	labels:I am studying microbiology. I do not know that I have the passion for it that I once did though..
text:Your motivation and how you are studying is probably related, you are right. What attracted you to microbiology in the first place?	labels:I have always found it fascinating and have an uncle who is a microbiologist. But these days I feel I made the wrong decision. Is it too late to change?.
text:It is never too late to change anything. However, i hear that you have always found it fascinating,have you considered talking to your uncle and seeing if you can find what you loved about it again?	labels:Yes that does sound like good advice. I do not want to turn by back on my studies of the past years. But my grades are really poor and I am not sure what to do about that..
text:Studying can be really difficult , especially when you are half way through. i struggled in my studies and found that talking to my tutors helped and approaching student support. Have you tried anything like that or has your motivation held you back?	labels:To be honest I have been a little afraid to approach them about the subject because they might accuse me of just slacking. I know it might look like that from the outside..
text:Just from chatting to you, I can sense that you are anxious, however, as many students feel this way, they will have a whole lot of help they can provide.	labels:I do feel that part of my problem is that I am afraid to really open up about it. You are the first person I have really felt able to talk to..
text:I am pleased that you have been able to open up to me, it is the first step towards you finding your path. Do you find it easy to write things down?	labels:Yes, it is really much more easy to write my problems down than to actually talk to people about them face to face..
text:One suggestion is for you to write down all the reasons that you love microbiology. It can be any format, I love a bubble chart (mind map), it could be in list form or just doodles, would this be something you would find useful?	labels:Yes, that is a fantastic idea! Maybe I can find a renewed interest in the subject. I hope that I can because I really do not want my time studying to have been wasted..
text:It would be a really good place to start. Then you could be really kind to yourself and take some pressure off. Would you like to talk through some ideas to help with the work itself?	labels:Yes I really would. I already feel more motivated! Half an hour ago I felt that I had no place left to go and felt defeated.
text:That's really good, sometimes it is about finding a direction and small steps. Often when we are studying the work seems really big, especially essay questions. One thing that helped me was to break it into really small chunks, sometimes physically covering up some of the question. Would that be something that would help?	labels:I have not really tried it but I ought to. I often feel that I am just overwhelmed. Then I know that I got something wrong for definite and I just want to give up..
text:It could be something you can try, remember , it is not always about ought to, simply how can I make it easier for myself. It is okay to get things wrong too. If you decide to write your list of reasons why you love microbiology, maybe you could keep it in a place you see every day, a mirror or fridge and keep seeing where you are trying to get to..	labels:I have already started making a mental list and feel much more optimistic. Thank you very much for your conversation and your help, it has been very valuable to me!.
text:You are more than welcome and it has been lovely chatting to you. Is there anything else you would like to talk through?	labels:No thank you, you have been most helpful! Have a lovely day!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How may I support you today?	labels:feeling really stressed out and exhausted trying to find a job in a small town.
text:I understand how frustrating it can be, especially with COVID turning our world upside down! May I please know what field you are in?	labels:yea that has really put a damper on a lot of my job searches. currently im in the medical field. i serve as an in home health care provider. but that is only part time.
text:First fall, I tip my hat to you! It is because of people like you, our frontline heroes, that we are at least able to put some fight up against the corona demon! I hope you heard that major pharma companies have tested vaccines which are 90-95 % effective! Given the current advancement in technology, it is a great news.	labels:thank you for that. i just wish i either had more hours or made more at a time. working part time just isnt cutting it. it is good that they are making progress on the vaccines. i just question their testing and how they are doing it.
text:I understand. Part time or reduced hours can be a source of concern.	labels:and i desperately need to move out of the situation that i am in. but cant do it with my current level of income..
text:We just need to trust them to bring the vaccine to the public. I hope in due time they will publish their detailed research and development papers. Regarding your situation, have you tried a secondary source of income? Like becoming a delivery driver or an order taker?	labels:in the town where i live there are no services like uber eats or door dash. i have been looking for work from home jobs right and left.
text:Ok. I suppose you can try online jobs. One of my friends lives outside the city and is a part time online order taker for Pizza Hut. All you need is phone and internet. You will need to take customer's orders and input it in Pizza Hut's order system. is this something you can explore doing?	labels:online order taker? how do you sign up for that?
text:Great! You can search for "Pizza Hut online order taking job". The first result will lead you to the company that manages these jobs.	labels:highly possible, have a phone and a high speed internet connection.
text:Once you complete training, the pay is good especially during weekends, where peak load hits.	labels:thank you. i had not even heard of this. i will apply in a min when we are done talking. i apprecieate it.
text:I am glad I could be of help. I wish you all the best!	labels:thank you!!! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you?	labels:Hello i am okay. and you?
text:I'm well. What's going on?	labels:I just wanted to talk about my recent heartbreak.
text:What happened? What happened?	labels:My boyfriend cheat on me with my close friend. i wouldnt say close tho. but because i know her i had warned him about her]
text:OMGoodness! That's awful. I've been through the same. .	labels:but typical men, they would still disrespect you with anyone in skirts. i dont know why a grown ass man cannot be decisive.
text:Unfortunately men have earned a reputation as jerks for that reason.. Are you still together or have you left?	labels:Its crazy. and just when you think you found one with his brain intact, he finds a way to embarrass you. i called it quits. Im not even sure who should take the higher percentage of my anger, the stupid girl or the stupid boy.
text:Good for you! I know that it must've been painful, but I don't think anyone deserves to go through it on repeat...	labels:really though.. was a stressful time.
text:Well,  they probably deserve an equal percentage of that anger...	labels:after being caught slipping, he tried to lie his way out of it. that's the funny thing. they ain't even together. The said girl has her own boyfriend.
text:However,  YOU deserve to have the freedom of choosing to forgive and forget them both. The resentment that's building inside you is just like a poiso\n that YOU'RE drinking in hopes that THEY get sick from it.	labels:Im moving on. I have refused to let that define me or my moods. i also havent spoken to anyone about it. i dont think its necessary.
text:Revenge is a dish best served  to the trash! There's no relief in bitterness. Might as well let it go, move on an move up from there!.	labels:right on that. never even thought of revenge. that would mean i didnt have a life of my own.
text:I think you're handling the whole thing well. You're very intelligent and emotionally mature. It's his own dumb loss and hers too!	labels:right about that.
text:Ha! well said about revenge\	labels:yes yes.
text:Certainly he's just a punk and probably has some underlying issues that he needs to deal with. Her too, really! Punk and all lol, But you? You're strong, resilient and capable! You have a great grip on this whole adulting thing here, and its admirable how well you've handles the ordeal.	labels:i couldnt agree more.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:My friend has passed away and I'm having a hard time dealing with it at the moment.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. I've had a close friend pass away years ago, and I understand it is a hard thing to deal with.	labels:Yes we were close, the funeral was a few weeks ago. I miss him.
text:Do you have other friends there for you to help you through this tough time?	labels:Yes I do have a few friends, actually we have some friends in common but I don't want to burden them with my sadness. Maybe I'm being soft?
text:I doubt if they would see you as being soft. Maybe your mutual friends would like someone to talk to as well? You could perhaps share some stories about your friend and cheer each other up.	labels:I think it would help to think of the good times yes. the only problem is this could leave me feeling a lot more sad. I know my friends miss him too so maybe we could link up?
text:That's a great idea. You could help each other and celebrate his life, keeping his memory alive.	labels:I was thinking of starting a Facebook page but I know that trolls can Target those.
text:That's a great idea. Maybe have a Memorial Service in his name at a place he frequented often, this way, no trolls and all the people who knew him could share their personal stories about him.	labels:yeah that's not a bad idea. also may be speaking to somebody about it might help, I'm just reluctant at the moment as I don't want to appear weak.
text:Let me reassure you that you would not appear weak. Death is something that everyone deals with in their own ways, and talking to someone about it could be the best way for you to deal with these emotions. Have you felt like giving up or extreme depression after his death?	labels:thanks for your concern by once a extreme depression or giving up. it's more just a constant sense of grief that just doesn't seem to go away. I think I will get over in time. I just wonder what I can do to speed that process up?
text:It sounds like you're going through the normal grieving process and that time and talking about it can be of a huge help. You have taken the first step of healing by speaking with me about it. That is admirable!	labels:thanks for that. it's good to know that this is normal and if it carries on I think I speak to somebody about this in more detail.
text:I'm glad to hear that. I wish you the best and believe you will get through this!	labels:thanks for your kind words and positivity it really helps.
text:No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:no that's it thank you very much for your help.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhey! how are you doing?	labels:I'm stressed about my college finals.
text:that is a huge stressor! when are finals? what year are you?	labels:They are in 1.5 weeks and I'm a sophomore in college.
text:that gives you a little bit of time to prepare and you have experience with finals, so that's good.	labels:yes I'm glad I have time!
text:what specifically is bothering you or is it usualy exam stress plus covid?	labels:I think I'm just nervous that I won't get all A's in my classes. I have a 4.0 GPA so I really want to keep that.
text:what a great goal! do you have a plan for preparing for exams? i always found that mapping it out with a study plan helped me.	labels:Yes I actually just made that yesterday! Check lists help me to get things done so I'm just going to start checking them off one by one.
text:you have a plan and you have some time! what else do you need? chocolate? LOL ;-)	labels:haha yes please! that will make me more happy.
text:are you on campus? or at home?	labels:I actually just left for home yesterday and am here now.  I. I will also stay home to do finals instead of going back.
text:my freshman has been at home all semester..	labels:Oh wow! Thankfully I was able to go back. It helped to be around friends and not at home.
text:fortunately he doesn't know any different.	labels:yes, it is sad that this semester isn't like last year. That's been hard.
text:i can't imagine how wierd it is for you, knowing how it used to be.	labels:yes, it's a bit depressing to be honest. i feel like i'm not living like a college student anymore.
text:i'm sorry it's been so weird for you. but you are killing it with your grades. you shouldbe proud!	labels:thank you! its been an adjustment but thankfully im doing good.
text:its got to be good being back home.	labels:for the most part yes. i do miss my friends obviously.
text:i can tell you your parents have been worried about you.	labels:i think they probably have haha.
text:they are glad you are home.	labels:thank you for your help!	episode_done:True
text:I love the State Fair, and almost six months after it got cancelled, I'm heartbroken over it! I know that's trivial, but EVERYTHING I love about summer has been cancelled!\nHi, what did you love about the State Fair?	labels:I love the animals, learning new things, picking up free stuff, eating the food, riding the rides, etc.
text:I see that you enjoyed doing just about everything at the fair so I understand why you are sad that it did not happen.	labels:Thanks.  I also enjoy looking at the 4-H exhibits.  I HATED high school. With. Every. Fiber. Of. My. Soul.  That organization kept me sane during that time.
text:Ok,  It was to you a means of balance in your life then.	labels:Yes.  It helped me to get away from some of the a-holes that I went to high school with.
text:It is really sad that you no longer have that outlet but it will come back sometime.	labels:Thanks.  That gives me hope.  O.
text:You sound like the absence of the fair has really taken its toll on you.	labels:, A lot of things this year have taken their toll on me.  One of my cats died earlier this year; a former co-worker whom I respected died, I'm tired of wearing masks--I'm 53 years old, and I have more acne now than I did when I was a teenager.  I'm tired of politics, and I'm tired of hearing my husband talk politics!
text:Wow,  I know how you feel as I have had some really traumatic things happen to me over the past few months as well.  I understand all too well especially since I had to cancel my trips that were already paid for this year.	labels:That sucks.  I hope you got your money back.
text:Yes I did.	labels:Good.
text:Based on what you described,  you can find new ways to distract you from the missing State Fair and the fun it brought to your life.	labels:I have learned to be more resourceful this year.  I went full-on serious about my vegetable garden.
text:Create your own fun, head to the beach, go to the park,  take a drive to the countryside and enjoy the fall. And of course spending more time in your garden will be a great distraction.	labels:Yeah...at least the park's still open!
text:Yep,  Well it was great that I can provide a short distraction.	labels:Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Hello, can you help me?\nHello. I hope so. What kind of problem are you having?.	labels:I am really struggling with my studies at the moment, I am so anxious that I keep putting off my essays and worrying all the time.
text:It sounds like you are a student who is having trouble. Is that correct?.	labels:Yes, I am a mature student and struggling with my course.
text:I can understand how you feel. I was a nontraditional student recently who went back to school.. It is very understandable that you are feeling stressed, especially with the pandemic and other issues happening..	labels:yes, the pandemic is making it worse. I am working as well so I am struggling juggling them all and running a house. I just don't know how to get back on track with my studying.
text:Have you thought about putting together a schedule to help you manage your time?.	labels:How would I go about that?
text:If you go online, there are different templates for students. One would be a time management template where you fill in the blocks of different times of the day.. Also, do you know any of your classmates that you could email or text for support?.	labels:okay, I can see the sense in that. Have you used them before, if so would you recommend putting everything on there or keeping it flexible? I do have a couple that i could contact, I've been feeling really embarrassed to contact them, like they might think I am being silly.
text:To start, fill in one week to see what all activities you have to do. Set aside specific time for doing your schoolwork. Try and stick with the schedule..	labels:Okay, one week doesn't seem too scary. I could colour coordinate it, I like things in colour.
text:.I would try it..	labels:Ok, do you think I should reach out to my classmates, will they think i'm being silly, I really don't want to alienate them.
text:Maybe there is a discussion board where you could be anonymous.. Break your writing down in small chunks. Just brainstorm one day, for example..	labels:I don't think so, however, I might just start with the template and see if that helps first. I like the idea of breaking things into the chunks.
text:Try one thing at a time so you are not overwhelmed..	labels:Thank you, I feel a little better, maybe I just needed some control. Yes, that's good, one thing at once.
text:I agree. You are not alone..	labels:Thank you, you have been really helpful.
text:Hang in there. It is great that you are in school..	labels:Thank you.
text:I enjoyed chatting with you. Take care.	labels:me too. Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, are you free to talk? I am feeling rather sad..\nHi there. Yes, What is making you sad?	labels:I feel that my friends do not like me very much any more. Apparently they have been engaging in group activities without me..
text:I understand how frustrating that can be to not be part of the group activities..	labels:Do you think that I am over-reacting? I do not want to sound over sensitive but this has been happening for a while..
text:Have you talked with your friends on how you feel? When was the last time you all connected?	labels:We went out for coffee the other day and I thought about saying something cos I know they went to a club without me last weekend but I couldn't bring myself to in the end..
text:I understand it is tough to bring up what is bothering you, especially after getting to hang out with all your friend over coffee. I'm sure this was not intentional with not inviting you to the club.	labels:Sometimes in the past I have turned down invitations to go out clubbing, admittedly. Could it be that they just did not think that I wanted to go?
text:From what I have experienced personally, I am not a fan of clubs and didnt want to go with my friends. After turning them down a few times, they stopped inviting as well. I think they thought that was not my thing..	labels:The thing is though that this is not the only thing - they have been to rock concerts without me too. I just feel I am no longer a part of the group..
text:I feel how this is hurting you. The best thing would be to talk to them about feeling disinvited to group activities. Let them know you are still free and really want to spend some time together. Do you think you can open up to them on whats bothering you?	labels:I don't know. I don't want to come across as just being paranoid or whiny. Sometimes I think it would be better to just forget them and not have any friends..
text:It sounds like this situation is really bothering you. Its hard and overwhelming to feel isolated. The bonds of friendship are worth the confrontation. If they don't know what is bothering you, it will be harder to mend the relationship..	labels:It is making me really depressed and is badly damaging my sense of self worth. I feel as though I am not worth anyone's time..
text:You are worth every precious second of time and should not let this diminish your self worth. Find common ground, an activity you all enjoy and invite them to hang with you.	labels:Thank you that is helpful. What if I reach out and they all snub me though?.
text:We all have busy hectic lives at time. True friends make time to be with one another. This world is full of beautiful people to bond with. Keeping a closed circle of friends is a blessing..	labels:It's not really so much that my life is hectic. On the contrary, sometimes it feels as though it is rather empty and not having the support of friends does not help with that.. Anyway I do appreciate your help - you have given me things to think about..
text:I hear how this is making you sad not feeling supported in the way that you need to be. Know that you are worthy and will find a way to connect with them. I hope this has helped..	labels:It has .. thank you very much and enjoy your day!	episode_done:True
text:Good Evening.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you?	labels:I'm pretty stressed out actually.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. It's rough to get stressed. Would you like to tell me what's going on?	labels:Sure. I just failed a huge test in my college class, and I'm worried it will fail me the entire class, and then I won't be able to get my associates.
text:Oh no! I can totally understand why you're stressing over that! Absolutely valid reason for anxiety. May I ask how much of the whole grade was the test's percentage?	labels:Yeah it's really weighing down on me. It's the only thing I can think about. The test was worth 75%
text:What was you're score?	labels:I got a 62% on the test.
text:That isn't TECHNICALLY a failed grade by the standards of most professors. Albeit a low grade, it's a D. Anything below 59% would qualify as failed. .	labels:Yeah, but taking into account my scores on homework, I don't think it's enought to pass the class.
text:Have you done fairly well in other classes? How have your grades been prior to this test in that class?	labels:Honestly it's just kind of all over the place. I am surviving in other classes, but with all this online stuff with the pandemic I barely learn anything. I'm basically faking it til I make it. Which I hate. But I can't learn in these conditions.
text:I hate that you feel that way about yourself, but I can also relate to having a rough time learning via online classes. I'm the same way. However, that does not disable you from being able to learn. It impedes your quality of learning, no doubt. But it isn't something that YOU can help.. By having an attitude of being unable to learn, you automatically lower your expectations for the success you would potentially have otherwise....	labels:Yeah that's true, I just think it's not my learning style so it's a lot harder for me. I thought about waiting until things are normal enough to physically be able to go back to class before I try and finish my bachelors, but who knows when that will be.
text:OMGoodness no kidding. This whole pandemic has the world in a tizzy!.	labels:Yeahhh. Honestly just talking to someone and letting it out was kinda nice. made me feel ebtter.
text:If I were you I would not wait! It may not be the best option for your learning style, and it will certainly prove a greater challenge. However, taking on that challenge will bring on SWEETER rewards when you succeed! Adopt a "Can-Do" state of mind and grab the bull by the horns! You're so very welcome!.	labels:Yeah you are right. I shouldn't wait. I don't want to put my life on hold. Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:hi what’s up?	labels:Hello. Good day.
text:how ar you doing?	labels:I ma okay, and you?
text:i'm doing ok. is there anything you wanted to talk about today?	labels:Yeaa in my description i stated that my boyfriend stepped out on me. slept with my close friend.
text:i'm so sorry. when did you find out?	labels:a little bit over  months now.
text:how are you feeling about it?	labels:Disgusted. not even sure who should bare more of my anger... my friend or ex.
text:with your boyfriend or your friend? what's troubling you the most about the situation?	labels:Im not sure. why would my friend let it happen, and why would my boyfriend choose to disrespect me in that manner.
text:you've had some time to sit with this, i understand completely that you are disgusted, but how have your felings changed since you found out?	labels:Changed in what aspect? I still detest both of them. and to think he tried to emotionally blackmail me with it.
text:are you spending time with them like you did before, have you talked to them>	labels:No im not. I cant stand either of them.
text:even though it doesn't feel like it, affairs have little to nothing to do with the people who get hurt the most. it's not about you even though you got hurt the most.	labels:Okay.
text:the anger and betrayal are natural feelings.	labels:So you think i should have a conversation with them?
text:if you want to maintain relationships, then you woudl have further converstations, but if you are ready to move on, nothing they can say will change what you need to do - move on.	labels:I am not interesting in either relationship anymore.
text:it sounds like you have moved on if you aren't talking to them, is that right?	labels:and i also havent spoken to no one about it.
text:so i'd spend my energy working on myself.	labels:i guess.
text:what are somethings you can do to take care of you?	labels:work, meet new people, movies and do fun things.
text:are there friends you can talk to about this? your parents? siblings? seek out a support group, people you know who can and will take care of you when youare feeling low.	labels:Siblings yes. Nut i didnt go into full details. yesss. thank you so much for listening and advicing.
text:people who care about you often don't need the details, just that you need them.	labels:Right. I just told them it didnt work out. and i am not giving details about reasons neither am i talking about my friend.
text:and that's enough. until you are ready, you don't need to elaborate.	labels:yes you are right.
text:it's really nobody ele's business.	labels:yeaa you know people sometimes wana mind your own business.
text:it's easier to see where others are going than it is ourselves sometimes. because there's not the emotion clouding the way.	labels:yes. you have been of tremendous help in helping me move around my thoughts.
text:once you get the raw emotion out of a situation, it's easier to see things like they really are.	labels:i guess so.
text:i'm glad. plesae stay safe.	labels:thank you so much. you be safe also.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.	labels:Hello.
text:How's it going?	labels:Not that great unfortunately. How about yourself?
text:I'm good.  Glad it's the weekend.  Care to tell me what's going on?	labels:My girlfriend and I recently broke up so it has got me a little down. I'm glad that you're having a good weekend so far.
text:Sorry to hear that.  Breakups are rough I can say as I've been through a couple myself. How long were you two together?	labels:We were together for two years. It's been a pretty tough week but I've been trying to go on walks with my dog & whatnot to keep my mind off thigns. things*
text:Fur babies are definitely good in bad times.  It's good that you're taking the time out for yourself. That takes strength!	labels:That's one of the things that I am trying to focus on - being mindful of myself. It's been helpful that my city is on Lockdown so I'm able to go on walks & spend some time by myself.
text:Oh that's awesome - despite the circumstances.  Are you in the US?	labels:No, thank heavens. My government is handling things a bit better here in Canada. Being out of work is tough, but at the same time I get a bunch of time to myself..
text:I'm jealous.  hehe I often wonder what our friends to the north are going through.  I'm glad to see you reaching out too.   That's awesome!	labels:It feels good to reach out and at least talk to someone about something to be honest.
text:I know the feeling and especially in these times.  It seems things are looking up though with a vaccine coming soon.  Getting outside and reaching out is definitely the right thing to do.  Soon things will be back to normal!	labels:That's what I'm hoping for... It looks like there is finally light at the end of the tunnel.
text:It's been a very long tunnel.  lol I can see the light!	labels:Likewise! I appreciate you taking your time to talk to me. Thank you for making my day just a little bit better haha.
text:oh it's been my pleasure!!  Give the doggie a hug for me.	labels:Haha I will do, take care and thank you for the chat!
text:You're certainly welcome.  Take care of yourself!	labels:Thanks, bye bye!	episode_done:True
text:hi! how's your day going?	labels:Hi there, I really need someone to talk to. My partner has been cheating on me and I feel totally worthless..
text:oh my goodness. I'm so sorry to hear that. when did you find out?	labels:Only very recently. I answered his phone and it was her! When I confronted him he admitted it..
text:that's a hard way to find out. are you still in the same house?	labels:Yes because for financial reasons we have to be. Our relationship is really strained though and we are sleeping in separate bedrooms..
text:i can't imagine what you are going through, but separate spaces sounds like a very good idea to me..	labels:It is made worse by the fact that we are in lockdown and so can't really see other people at the moment. Do you think I should try and break away for good?.
text:before you take any action, i'd ask myself what are your options? you know that his actions have very little to do with you and more to do with him, right?	labels:Well, I could move out but I can't afford to rent a flat on my own. I'd have to move in with my parents, realistically.. I keep telling myself that but I feel really betrayed. I keep wondering what she is like and whether she is prettier and more successful than me..
text:are your parents supportive of that idea?.	labels:I have not really talked to them about it. I feel a bit ashamed having to admit to them that my relationship has not worked out..
text:it's not about her or you. it's about him..	labels:But I can't help thinking that perhaps I did something wrong that made him stray?.
text:they will understand. opening up to them will be the hardest part. it's a shame cocktail, but it's not one you made.	labels:Do you think that there is any point at all in trying to mend things at this stage? He has promised he will not see her again but I don't think I could ever trust him..
text:it's in our nature as women to ask "what did I do?" but it is never about us or anything we did..	labels:Thank you, I am really glad that you understand. I don't feel that I will ever be able to trust any man again!.
text:trust and vunerability is huge in a relationship. i'd look for professional help if you wan tot try and work on it.	labels:I can't really afford professional help. And I don't want to be a burden on my friends. I worry that I am already annoying them..
text:do you have a friend who has been through a similar situation? sometime that helps.also, sharing your burden with someone does NOT add to their burden.	labels:I do have a friend who has been through the same though ironically it is a male friend whose wife cheated on him!.
text:my guess is he felt the same way you are feeling right now.	labels:Yes. It is just such a deep betrayal. I think I could have forgiven him if it had just been a one time mistake but he had been seeing her for ages..
text:watch the brene brown video on youtube with the cartoon animal about empathy - it should help when looking for friends to rely upon. grrrr. that would make me angry too.	labels:It is nice to have things to distract myself from the things that are making me feel terrible. Do you have any other suggestions for distractions?. I just keep thinking that every evening when he was returning home with me and with every nice thing he said he was being false..
text:i'm totally into the podcasts "a slob comes clean" basically it's about getting your poop in a group.	labels:Hmm that sounds .. interesting :D. Is that a metaphor?.
text:that's so hard. imagine how much energy he had to use to keep his lives from colliding. he couldn't find a better use for that energy?!	labels:I know, right!! Do you think it would be helpful for me to try and talk to this woman and see how she feels? I dunno if she even realises that he was in a committed relationship.
text:yes! LOL but it's been helping me focus my anxiety into being a bit more productive.	labels:Anything that will help me with my anxiety is worth trying at the moment..
text:what do you want to hear from her? is there anything she could say that woudl make you feel better? NO!! she's not going to be able to help you unless you need a witness for divorce court.	labels:It would be less of a betrayal, I think, if she did not know about me. I would never do that to another woman!.
text:she likely knew, othewise how would he explain all the time he spent with you to her?	labels:I suppose that's a good point too. I think maybe I do just need to make a total break and not look back.. I do appreciate you talking, you have helped me to see things a great deal more clearly than I previously did.
text:glad i could help. please stay safe and no matter what you decide to do, you will be fine.	labels:Thank you and the same to you! Have a nice rest of day..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you feeling today?	labels:Well. Not so good i just broke up with my girlfriend and she is packing her stuff to leave. How are you doing?
text:I am very sorry to hear that. Breakups can be rough. I'm great! Thanks for asking. Was this a mutual agreement?	labels:Well technically it was a mutual agreement but i feel like I dont want this to happen. So what are you up to? Hello? Are you there?
text:Was there a reasoning behind your decision? Sometimes we let our anger and emotions make our decisions for us.	labels:Well. Basically all started for jealousy and she saw a couple of text messages of my best friend and she misunderstood the conversation and since then its not the same.. She doesnt trust me.
text:I see trust is a very important key factor in relationships and without it the relationship stays stagnant. Have you tried reassuring her that your intentions are pure and maybe gave her some words of affirmation that would let her know how you truly feel about her? Just because you guys are best friends all she sees in her head is that you're talking to another female. Maybe she also has her wall up and some insecurities that you can help her with..	labels:I tried in many way to help her with that and proving her that my feelings toward her was pure. I basically stop talking to my best friend to gain her confidence. But it did not work. So it got to the point that nothing was the same. So she decided to move away and gave us some spaces and think this out.
text:How long have you two been together? Sometimes moving on from a relationship and staying single from some time can give you time to reflect and work on yourself for yourself. You never know the two of you might come back together stronger than before cause space might be all that your relationship needs at this moment. I know this might be so tough for you but l want you to know that you are never alone and you can do this. Maybe read a new book or pick up a new hobby for the time being.	labels:We were together for two years. Im trying my best to go through this. I hope so. Thanks for all those words. It really helps.
text:You're doing the right thing by talking to someone about it. We are not meant to be alone in our thoughts because it can be a scary thing. Bottling up emotions is also never good so for you to reach out is very good and the first step to maybe feeling a little better. I've been in your same shoes and trust me it doesn't feel good so just know I am here for you and you can talk to me in confidence.	labels:Well thank so much. You really help me a lot with every single word. Well i have to go. Ill talk to you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, would you be able to give me some advice?. The first lockdown was bad enough but the second has really thrown me into despair. I simply cannot cope without being able to see friends and family for much longer.\nI would be glad to. What is troubling you?	labels:I have run out of coping mechanisms!
text:I completely understand and had similar experiences. What were some ways you tried to interact with people last shut down?	labels:I use facebook quite a lot and it helps but it cannot compensate for face to face contact. I really need to be able to see people..
text:Digital contact does have its limitations. Could you meet with people outside at a distance?	labels:Well, part of the problem with that is that I am not sure what the rules are any more! We have been told so many different things that I am out of the loop..
text:I understand. Try sticking to the basics to make it less stressful. Wear a mask outside at a distance..	labels:I always do wear a mask.. I think we legally have to :). I really miss little things like going out for coffee or to the gym though. It makes me feel like will never be the same again..
text:Have to talked about this with friends? They may be feeling the same way. Just talking this out with the may be reassuring..	labels:I have a little bit but I don't want to burden them. The other aspect is that it is making me anxious about many others things too. I keep having morbid thoughts about what will happen if the pandemic never ends..
text:That’s understandable. Maybe talking to a professional who you don’t have to worry about burdening with your concerns will  allow you to talk about your concerns..	labels:That's why I'm here ;). You are being very helpful, thank you! It's just nice to be able to tell people what I am worried about and not have them think that I am just being silly.
text:Many people are struggling with the current state of affairs. Don’t be afraid to talk to people they may also be afraid to talk to people and you could miss out on supporting each other..	labels:That does sound like really good advice. The other thing I haven't mentioned yet is that I have been having financial pressures because I am on furlough. I am worried that if this lasts much longer I will end up deep in debt.
text:I am sorry that wasn’t helpful.. Have you tried looking into local recourses in your city?	labels:I felt that you were very helpful. It is nice to just know that someone is listening. I do not think that there is much in the way of local resources at the moment - everyone is very stretched..
text:That is true it has been hard for many people..	labels:I do feel better for having been able to talk to you about this - thank you very much!. I think I will be able to carry on for a bit now. Thanks again and best wishes!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, is there anything you would like to talk about today? Take your time I will be right here.	labels:Just can not seem to get out of this funk.
text:What kind of a funk is it? Do you have to go to work or school? Please tell me more about how you are feeling so I can understand better.	labels:Nothing seems to be fun and I work from home.
text:Are you doing okay workwise, getting enough done, getting it done on time? Or is it difficult to get motivated about anything? Is there anything that you think started making you feel this way? I am very interested in understanding how you feel.	labels:I think this whole Covid thing has been depressing! I get my work done but it is a chore.
text:Do you live alone? Did you work at home before COVID? I worked at home before COVID but with COVID I became very isolated. I don't have any neighbors within sight of my house. This my sound weird but I make up  fantasies in my head like I am an alien's pet and my home is my habitat or I pretend I am hiding out  keeping something safe, or a pioneer woman waiting for her family to get back from the store which is a six  month trip..	labels:I live with my spouse, and I did work at home before. Pioneer story funny! It is hard not being able to enjoy going out..
text:I am glad you are able to work, financial stress really sucks. I think Covid has us all down at least at some point..	labels:Just want it to be over and then the election too! There has been so much emotional things in the world going on right now. BLM, election Covid...
text:Yes, and it doesn't seem to have an end in sight. But at some point it will be over. If you don't feel more like yourself say a month from now I have to seeing a doctor because some depression requires it but that said some depression is normal and usually precedes change. I was told that it sort of erases our expectations and allows us to accept the new thing in a better way..	labels:I would say when i take a walk at the park it does help. Also working out. So exercise and sunshine brings my mood up a bit.
text:You sound  stressed over things that you have little to no control over. Take a deep breath. Tickle each other. Pretend you are the adam and eve couple traveling to populate a new world and the house is your spaceship run with it and have some adult play time lose yourselves and destress. It is good that you can enjoy the sunshine and the park. You can only control and influence what happens around you. Concentrate on making that a good place to be and that will change the world a little at a time.	labels:good advice. I will try.
text:Just hoping to make you feel better and help with some of your worries that don't need to add to your stress. So you don't seem to be depressed as much as stressed and worried which is interfering with things, would that be accurate or could you explain more?	labels:Yes, things that I cannot change and the things I can change, including a more positive attitude.
text:Positive attitudes are never bad, slightly annoying to some first thing in the morning but in a good way. lol.	labels:Yes, I need coffee first! Thank you for your advice!
text:Coffee sounds good. You are welcome and thank you for sharing!	labels:Happy Thanksgiving:)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood Afternoon. How are you doing troday?	labels:I am Ok thanks but have an unusual issue. I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it.
text:Being in a relationship with someone when you suspect unfaithful behavior is a rough thing to go through..	labels:Yes it is but I should be leaving her and moving on. Problem is she is a 9 and I'm a 5 and I love her. Pretty sure she is cheating though so hopefully if I ignore it she may just leave things as they are.
text:I've dealt with the same problem with my partner more than once. I love him very much and I found him to be a 9 to my 5 as well. However, the question of whether he was cheating or not was destroying my trust in him and everyone else not to mention what self-respect I had... I had to break down and talk to him about it.	labels:What happened out of interest when you had the conversation?
text:Ignoring this will NOT help things. There is NO relief in pretending a question or concern does not exist. Like I said the question has arisen more than once. The first time he owned to talking to other women, but nothing more.Since that time, he denies everything.	labels:I know. I'm a typical man and I like the feeling when she is on my arm. I feel like the cat that has got the cream. It's superficial and sad I know. I knew this would never last. She is just too attractive for me. Everyone told me Iwas 'punching above my weight' and now they will all be laughing if it ends.
text:Honestly, its not anyone else's business. IF you're suspicions are in fact correct, then you've got to see that a loving and faithful 5 is better than a heart-breaking 10. However should you find that maybe the devils of insecurities are tricking you into thinking that she's cheating, then remember that what the two of you share o=is FOR THE TWO of you. Its a relationship, not a community project! Even mu advice, albeit in the air to help you best I can. is not more important that what matters most to YOU and HER! Curiously, why do you think she's cheating?	labels:I'm almost certain of it, she is super protective of her phone and never used to be. She is always texting and vague when I ask who she is messaging. She goes away with work and when she does she rarely messages me. Recently she said when was going way for a work trip for three nights but when I called her office her colleague said they got back after two.
text:Hmm... So have you two live together?  How long has this kind of behavior persisted? When you ask her about this behavior, how do you present the question and how does she react? Finally, how often do you talk with her about the situation?	labels:That's just it. I kind of know she is cheating but I haven't approached it with her because I'm scared see will just leave and I'll be a laughing stock. I suppose I'm a joke either way!
text:Don't get me wrong, I completely understand why you have suspicions. Really I think anyone would in the same shoes... However, as humans, we tend to either assume the best or the worst of others. There's always a margin of error present as a variable in such situations.	labels:very true. I suppose I have just assumed at this stage with no real evidence. do you think I should just talk to her?
text:Forgive me if this comes off as disrespectful... I only want to help you.	labels:not at all. I appreciate your candour.
text:But if you feel as though you're a joke regardless, then why stay in a relationship where you're getting hurt? I know that you don't want to lose the beauty but would you not be happier with loyalty?	labels:All this is tied up with who and I know I'm valuing the wrong things. You are right actually. I think some of this comes from my low self-esteem. having a 9 helps with that. but maybe I need to deal with it directly.
text:I wholly believe you should gently but steadfastly confront her. I absolutely do not mean to suggest a dispute or argument. That will not help either. Simply ask her about the things that you KNOW aren't acceptable; lying about how long her trip was is one of them. Also, its okay to talk about how that stuff makes you feel, but try not to project your feelings as her fault. I know that it seems like they are... But she didn't MAKE you feel any specific way, even if her ACTIONS influenced how you were already feeling.	labels:That seems like well considered and thoughtful advice thanks for that. What is clear is that we need to have a conversation. Thanks for helping me reach this conclusion.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How are you feeling today?.	labels:Hello. I am OK but I have a bot of a work issue that I'd like some support with if possible?
text:Of course! What sort of issue is it?.	labels:I have done the same job for 7 years but it is now full and boring. It pays OK but it is all I know. I'm scared that I will get resentful in this job if I stay where I am but I haven't got a clue what to do for the best.
text:I see, so you feel that your position has become stagnant and you know longer take any pleasure in your work?.	labels:That's exactly it yes. The question is I don't have any official qualifications, just experience and I'd like a change of career but this scared me to death!
text:Are there any opportunities for advancement or retraining in your current position? Perhaps strive for a promotion?.	labels:Potentially yes but the position above me is not really like for me and I don't like the reporting line. I think I fancy a change but not quite sure how to tackle it. I need the income so can't just leave but also need to do something about it. do you understand the predicament?
text:Yes I do. I sympathise with you because it must be terrible to feel that you are stuck in something that you really no longer like and yet be afraid to try and change your situation. I am sure that there is some solution though!.	labels:Yeah meet too it's just finding a way where I can maybe stay where I am whilst exploring other opportunities to see what I'd like to do. It's a tough one.
text:Well, you will never know unless you take the plunge into the unknown! I do realise how difficult it is for you to do that though. Perhaps start putting out feelers to other companies? There is no harm in that..	labels:Sue that's actually a good idea. No harm I suppose and my current employer would be none the wiser.
text:True! it would also be great for your self esteem to realise just how much more there is out there that you could be doing..	labels:I know, it is a big world out there and I have been doing the same thing for so long. It is exciting but also quite unnerving. Is this normal?
text:Yes, there is nothing to worry about. Do you have any relevant qualifications that might help you find another job?.	labels:I have experience and I am pretty hard-working. I have also made quite a few connections over the past 7 years.
text:It all sounds very promising. If you think they'd not tell your boss why don't you talk to some of your connections and see if they can put you onto something better?.	labels:Yeah reaching out to my network is probably a good idea - as long as they keep the fact that I am looking for something else quiet. I'd state on Linked in that I'm looking for work but then everyone would know :-)
text:One other suggestion - it's a high risk strategy but do you think your boss might be sympathetic if you discussed this with him or her? You never know, they might even have some good suggestions - perhaps they feel the same!.	labels:Actually you might be right there. I should be able to open up about this and they should be supporting my development. Great suggestion. I think I'm overthinking things.
text:No I do not believe that you are overthinking at all.  This is a very important aspect of your life and will shape your future!.	labels:Yes true thanks for your understanding.
text:You are most welcome - I hope that I have been able to give you some peace of mind.	labels:You have indeed, thanks for this conversation.
text:Please let me know how things go for you in the future - I am sure that in six months time things will be looking a lot brighter!.	labels:Will do, thanks again!	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon how may I help you today?	labels:Hello there. I'm suffering with increased depression and I'm not quite clear why.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Is there any change in your routine as of lately?	labels:No not really. I have suffered from depression before but it seems to have spiked recently. The only thing that is different these days is lockdown. I think that's the same for everyone.
text:These past few months has been extremely difficult. In the past, what did you do for your depression?	labels:I saw a psychiatrist face to face but only once every month. I've always had a low mood but now I'm anxious that it will continue to get worse.
text:Talking to a professional is always ideal. Is there a way to see that psychiatrist again?.	labels:Since lockdown  haven't spoken to her but maybe she can do a video call. At the start it was fine, I was feeling just as I always have but I don't want this to get any worse. What if she isn't available?
text:It wouldn't hurt to try and reach out. If she isn't available, there are other services.	labels:What like support groups etc? I'm also sure this isn't just related to lockdown and not seeing my specialist. It's weird and a little concerning to be honest.
text:Not necessarily support groups, but more like psychiatry apps where a trained professional is available via chat, or video and its specifically through the app..	labels:I hadn't thought of that. I know there are a few of these nowadays.
text:There a lot more since Covid began in March, so it's worth as a backup plan if your doctor isn't available. Sometimes its good to have options.	labels:I'll start a plan and seeing if I can see my usual therapist and go from there. Sometimes it just helps talk it through depression stops you from seeing things clearly. Do you have any experience with mental health issues?
text:After my son was born I developed Post Partem depression and anxiety. It wasn't until almost a year and half after he was born to realize it..	labels:That must have been difficult to deal with. Mental health affects so many people in so many ways. It's good that it's recognised these days at least.
text:It was. Luckily I had my doctor to help me. Family members meant well but chalked it up to "that's what its like to be a mom" but it is more than that..	labels:I think this is why it's always best to see a professional. I really should try to reconnect with mine.
text:I agree. There is a lot of well meaning advice out there, but its best to see a professional to really help you.	labels:Thanks for the chat, it has helped me put things in perspective.
text:I'm glad I could help. I hope you get to speak with your psychiatrist, or at least find a good one through an app.	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. What would you like to discuss today?	labels:Hi my company laid off 10% of the workforce yesterdsy and I'm worried I. I'm next.
text:My goodness. I know that's very difficult to handle. Are you feeling anxiety?	labels:Yeah, I'm really nervous about what's happening. Based on who they let go, I think I'll be next because of tenure and experience level.
text:So would it appear that they are laying off the people who have been there the shortest time first?	labels:Well it's a mix of tenure and department. They also furloughed another 10% of the workforce as well so we're 20% smaller now.
text:I know this is a terrible time to be laid off from your job. Do you feel that you have a contingency plan if you are one of those who is laid off?	labels:No and we are in a worse position. My wife was laid off from her job 3 months ago. I'm the only breadwinner right now.
text:Oh my goodness. Will either of you be able to claim unemployment while you search for new jobs? My brother was recently laid off and he's considering out of state options to hopefully find a job sooner. While that's certainly not an option for everyone, his unemployment is helping to keep his family afloat.	labels:Yeah my wife filed and we just started getting it but it's nowhere what she was making of course. But yeah we can at least pay the electric bill and stuff.
text:Ok, well that's one small thing to help. Are you a renter or owner? As there are a few programs available to help with mortgage payments.	labels:I'm an owner. What kind of programs?
text:Check on the government page for your state. It's usually your state.gov  an example is Utah.gov. Google it. Most states have aid available but a lot of people just aren't aware of it.	labels:oh ok that's a good point. I will definitely go look for it after this discussion.
text:I hope you can find the assistance you need. Is there anything else you'd like to discuss?	labels:yeah how can I make more money on the side? it's sort of why I'm here but it is so hard finding anything good.
text:As there are a lot of people who've lost their jobs the pickins' are quite slim. But being as the holiday season is upon us. I do knwo there are several stores hiring for seasonal help. Also, Amazon is hiring for customer services reps to work from home I've heard.	labels:oh cool, that's good to know. Well, I appreciate all your help. I hope you and your family stay safe during the holidays!
text:If it's in your area Instacart is also hiring shoppers and delivery drivers. Is that something you might be able to do?	labels:I haven't tried Instacart but I did sign up for Uber but it's been hard to get gigs. It's really cutthroat out there.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:Hi I am not sure what to say here. I am not doing very well at all. I am feel sad and hopeless all the time, nothing is any fun, nothing makes me feel that I am doing anything good for anyone.
text:I am truly sorry you are feeling this way. Those feelings can be overwhelming. Have you tried talking to a professional about this?	labels:I don't have any money to pay someone, my boyfriend tells me to quit having a pity party no one is coming to it and to just get over it. His comments and suggestions have not been helpful. My friends have tried to cheer me up but I can tell they are getting frustrated with me and I try to avoid them now.
text:There are many therapists out there that work on a sliding scale based on your income. Some even offer free sessions. I would look into that for your local area. It also does not seem like your boyfriend is taking the issue seriously. I will tell you from experience, ignoring the issue is not going to help.	labels:I don't mean to put obstacles in the way of your help but I live 25 miles from town and there is no public transportation here and I don't have a car. You have felt like this before? How long did it last? What did you do to get better?
text:It lasts until you deal with it. I talked to someone to help me understand why an dhow i was feeling this way. Dont worry about putting obstacles for me heh im here to help you.. One good thing covid has done for us is create a surge of telemedicine. I know my therapist along with many others are doing it this way now. It may not be as great as being in person but it helps having that ear to listen to you.	labels:I think I feel this way because I feel so stuck. I make a little money working remotely but not enough to make any     big changes and the things I do don't ever last like the house is only clean for moments.. You are right, one of my friends who has asthma started getting her meds through an online doctor and I am sure therapists are on line also, she said her doctor is even reasonable and less than her normal office visit that is something I can look into.
text:I can relate to that, spend 8 hours cleaning the place up for my 10 year old to tear it all down in 10 minutes. Jobs are a whole other can of worms as well. May i suggest though that, even though big goals are great to strive for, you set a bunch of smaller goals to complete?	labels:What would be an example of a smaller goal? Enjoy your son my kids are grown and gone and it happens faster than you think.
text:Yea just last year they were a baby in my eyes ha. Maybe just even something as apply to 2 new jobs this week. Clean the kitchen on monday. Simple things.	labels:I don't really have big goals because they all seem too impossible to be realistic. Your small goals seem big to me. I can barely drag myself to the kitchen must let get motivated enough to clean it.
text:How about starting with just doing the dishes, or wiping down the counter?	labels:That would be a simple goal, I could try for that, I think maybe I should make my first goal to find an online therapist with a sliding fee scale. Do you know if there are any kind of directories for online therapists? How long did it take for you to start to feel better after you started to get  help?
text:Yes i think that would be a great first step. I would try a google search like "Therapists (My Area) Sliding Scale" As for feeling better its different for everyone. I think it even took a couple months to recognize myself as worthy. Once you start feeling better about yourself it kind of snowballs in a good way.	labels:Thank you things don't seem quite as hopeless now and I don't feel so alone and misunderstood. You have a nice day and I am going to go do that search now.	episode_done:True
text:hi how's it going today?	labels:Hello. I just find life very hard. I have not been happy in months.
text:i hear you. it has been a hard year. what's been the biggest challenge for you?	labels:Going out and getting things done. Shopping is hard especially when stores are picked over..
text:it is frustrating not being able to get what you want when you want it. are you having a hard time finding the things you need for right now or for in the future?	labels:Both. I feel like the future is uncertain. Not just for me but the world.
text:it's true, we are not sure what to expect. have you looked for things online?	labels:Yes, but I feel like a lot of it is speculation and news just makes people more fearful.
text:it is like there's a collective panic going on right now. I know for me focusing on the things i CAN control has helped me from spiraling into panic and depression.	labels:How do you deal with other people who focus on all the bad things?
text:the "little black rain cloud" people? LOLI try very hard to be kind and remember that we all are going throgh the same pandemic and for most of us it's our first.	labels:Thanks. Do you think things will get better any time soon?
text:While there is a lot to focus on that is just awful, it has really helped me to look back to the spanish flue of 1918. that pandemic was followed byt he roaring 20s.	labels:I know people thinking the country will collapse soon. Hard to deal with them.
text:The doomsday people are always around. remeber they mayans predicted the end of the world in 2012.	labels:I have family like that and it is hard to deal with them. Especially during the holidays.
text:are you familiar with Mr. Rogers' story about looking for the helpers when things go bad?	labels:No but I did love that show as a kid.
text:Family is hard! So many strong emotions and opinions that aren't always helpful. anyone in particular for you?	labels:My dad and my GF's dad both have their own opinons on things.
text:so when disasters happen you dont focus on the bad things but look and you will always find people helping other people.	labels:Yes. I also don't feel like the world will decent into madness, but they do not believe it.
text:oooh, that's hard. are you living at home with your dad? as a mom, i can tell you that the unknown for your children is scary. often fear and lack of control come out sideways.	labels:No but near him and take care of him.
text:that's really nice of you. i'm 800+ miles away from my parents.	labels:That is good and bad. I think it is good to talk about though I do feel a little better thank you.
text:if i can suggest something that might help - brene brown, a leadership coach and researcher has a great TED talk about shame and vunerability and a CUTE cartoon animal video on yourtube about empathy.	labels:Ok thank you very much. I think this is a good stopping point, so thank you for your help.
text:those help me focus on how hard it is for everyone around me and that i should be kinder to them. everyone has their own crap.	labels:Indeed. it helps to have people to talk to right?
text:true. stay safe.	labels:Thanks you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you feeling today?	labels:Hi, I'm feeling really anxious today.
text:What has made you feel anxious?	labels:Yesterday my company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% got furloughed. I'm afraid I might be in the next round.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. I am currently in a situation where furloughs are greatly affecting my family as well.	labels:Oh no that's terrible. The problem is, I am right now the only breadwinner in the family. My wife was laid off three months ago.
text:Are you given specifics on time of furlough?	labels:No, it's basically until things get better.
text:I know that's very difficult. And no doubt why you're here working for crumbs. It's why I'm here as well.	labels:Yeah, trying to make ends meet wherever I can. I've been also trying to do uber as well but everyone is doing it also.
text:I know it's a difficult time. Yes Uber is definitely overrun right now. Have you taken any time out to address your anxiety so it doesn't become more serious?.	labels:I don't know what I can do. I've been trying to keep busy. And I can't afford a therapist or anything like that.
text:Yes, that's definitely an expense you can't afford right now. But are you familiar with the concept of controlled breathing to help reduce or relieve anxiety?	labels:Like meditation? What am I supposed to do? Just breathe in and out a lot?
text:Not exactly. Controlled breathing is more of getting yourself into a quiet room. Closing your eyes, and purposely and intently focusing on your breathing. Slowly breathe in for a count of 5, then slowly exhale for a count of 5. Repeat this process for approximately 10 minute. It will help your stress levels and help regulate your heart rate!	labels:Oh I didn't know that. No, I haven't tried that. Does it really work?
text:I've been using it myself over the past 3 months and it most definitely helps! But it's absolutely imperative to clear your mind and have complete quiet.	labels:ok I can try it I guess. thanks for that tip.
text:No problem. I hope this gives you some relief! Stay strong!	labels:yeah, thanks. same to you.
text:My final piece of advice would be to set aside time that is specified where nothing negative is discussed. No politics, no bills, nothing anxiety producing for you. It's probably best if this time is within an hour of your bedtime becuase anxiety is not conducive to a good night's sleep.	labels:That's helpful. Thanks.
text:No problem. Take care. Wishing you well on your situation.	labels:Thanks. You too.	episode_done:True
text:hi.	labels:Online learning is not seems easy, Seems I am going to fail this year.
text:chill my dear friend, nothing of that sort will happen.	labels:In-class learning was way better and I learned a lot but now its so confusing.
text:everything you need is a little peace of mind, patience and little more effort.	labels:Even working with online tools is hard.
text:i understand, but just think everyone else like us are doing the same and facing the same difficulties.	labels:I know but what is I loose a whole year in academic,
text:Think positive my dear friend. Shake all your negatives.	labels:But I have been in low grades continuously during my last semesters..
text:Just have the confidence within yourselves and believe in YOU, that is the most important thing. Stop worrying , and think about what can make it better.	labels:Well it is still hard to understand online learning tools.
text:Watch Youtube videos.	labels:And my internet sometime screws up when I am submitting the assignments. I tried that but I am not tech savy.
text:Why cant you seek help from a friend of yours who studies well? And who is ready to spend time and help you.	labels:Due to social distancing I am not meeting with many people. But thanks for talking to me it gives me lot of hope. I shall try to learn from Youtube more maybe that is the only solution for online learning.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you?	labels:I'm so sad all the time.
text:Is there something that you think is causing this?	labels:Nothing in particular, I'm just so sad. .
text:Have you any history of depression before?	labels:I do have some family members with depression.
text:Have you seen any physicians about the problem?	labels:Maybe I should make an appointment.
text:Getting help from a trained professional can often help to solve problems.	labels:You make a good point.  What type of doctor could I see?
text:You could try going to your primary care physician and ask for recommendations. .	labels:I can do that.  Are there any doctors that deal with emotions?
text:I've help take a family member to a psychiatrist for help and it's been a tremendous support to help their lives be full again after great hardships.	labels:I'm worried about the stigma of going to a shrink..
text:Under HIPPA your visit is confidential.	labels:Well in that case, if it can help it may be worth a try.
text:You deserve lots of credit for taking care of yourself and seeing a doctor.	labels:Thank you for the encouragement.
text:You are very welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:No thank you.  I think I have some strategies to move forward.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you today?	labels:Hi there. I'm seeking some support, maybe some advice in dealing with a situation at my work. I've got a new supervisor who is so different from my last one.
text:Sure, I see you need some support at work because your new supervisor is so different than your previous one. What kinds of things are troubling to you?	labels:Yes. They have a Military background and bark orders, and change the way I'm working without being open to conversation. When I ask questions, they threaten my job. Telling me they "Don't have to explain themselves!" as they are my supervisor.
text:Wow, that sounds difficult with them being so militant.  Have you been able to talk to any co-workers in a similar situation?	labels:Yes, there are two other people supervised by him. One of them is also Military and new him before hand, they seem to get along great.. But my other co-worker is like me. Doesn't know what to do, or who to turn to.. Sometimes the work environment is pretty hostile when we're just trying to continue projects that were started before he arrived.
text:That sounds hard that it is so hostile at work when you trying so hard.	labels:Yea. But when he threatens and calls my insubordinate, I worry he might be making a case to remove me. I wonder if I should talk to the person above him, about it. But I worry they might just think I'm complaining because its different. But it really is uncomfortable.
text:It sounds like you worry about having your job taken away from you.  Talking to someone above your supervisor may be a good solution. .	labels:Its been 3 months since he started, I just wonder if its too soon. I'd hate to be seen as a complainer. And the person above him, is the person who hired him.
text:When I was in a similar situation I had to go to a higher supervisor and was helped a lot. It probably is never too soon, but could be too late if you wait.	labels:Thats true. I'm not happy at work, but I do love my job. I enjoyed it a lot before him arrived. But now I'm constantly thinking about finding a new job, or worrying about him pushing me out. Maybe thats what he wants, so he can bring in his own people?
text:I see you really like your job.  Sometimes just taking a deep breath can help to calm stress. .	labels:Thats good advice. I do need to do more outside of work to relieve the stress. I'll try to do that. Do you think I can speak to him about his tone and maybe explain that communication is much more relaxed?
text:Do you think he'll be receptive to your communications if you speak directly to him?	labels:I think its worth a try, but I don't want him to think I'm being argumentative. Any suggestions on how to have that conversation?
text:I can see that you worry about your boss seeing you as argumentative, but could you try it from the perspective of making your boss feel like he is in control?	labels:Making it his idea. That's a good tactic. I could try that. And maybe giving him time to understand the workplace as it new to him too.
text:Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:I think you've given me some good advice. Thank you. I feel a little less anxious than I did.
text:You are welcome.	labels:I appreciate it!
text:I wish you well.	labels:You too. Good bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I'm here to listen.	labels:The unemployment office is overwhelmed and I'm overwhelmed trying to help my family member..
text:These days all of us have this situation. I can assure you that your family can understand it. How about an online job?	labels:Yes,it just very frustrating. My family member has taken another restaurant job only to lose it again for the same reasons, COVID.. They have been going to temp services also..
text:I also worked in a coffee house and it has been closed for this damn virus. I feel sad too. But we should go on.	labels:The job center's can only help so much. And if they don't have internet skills,then online jobs will help..
text:This sounds good.	labels:So this family member gave up their apartment, moved back in with family, still fighting unemployment and going to food banks. It's crazy. They are doing what they can but when we talk about it, it's hard to believe in these modern times we are in such a mess.
text:I wish this virus ends soon. But believe me everyone have similar situation these days. Did they try any online job?	labels:No online computer skills, but they now learned where to get some basic training.
text:This sounds good. Wish to learn soon. I am mourning for my grandpa and my uncle that they gone for the Covid. You should be happy that you have them.	labels:I'm so sorry. I feel a little better talking about this. My family tries to help other family members but we can only do so much. That's when I got frustrated (helping them with unemployment)
text:Money is not always a big deal honey.	labels:Yes, there is more to life than money. Unfortunately $ is needed for the basics.. Thanks for listening and guidance.
text:Of course but having them by your side is a gift. your welcome. I wish I could help a little.	labels:Yes and I wish you a good thanksgiving holiday..	episode_done:True
text:I am very upset.\nHello, how are you doing today? Im sorry to hear your upset. Do you want to go into why you are?	labels:A friend of more than 20 years hurt me deeply by judging me for not buying a gift for my nephew for his birthday.
text:Why would they judge you on that? Do they know your nephew as well?	labels:Yes, she is very close friends with my nephew's mother as well. She is the kind of person who will go into deep debt and overdraw her bank account to buy someone a gift, I am not. I could not afford the gift, I am disabled and on a very minimal income.
text:That i can relate too, i am also disabled and on SSI. Have you spoken to her about how she upset you?	labels:I did. I took a few days to cool off and then told her that her comments hurt me. I know that she's aware of my financial situation as well as the fact that I am disabled. Her response was that she said nothing wrong.
text:Thats a tough spot to be in with a friendship that has lasted so long. Does she tend to treat you like this regularly?.	labels:No, she really never has. Typically, she feels like other people walk all over her and take advantage of her, but that's never been me and its never been our relationship.
text:Then would you say its a little odd for her to be acting in this manner towards you?	labels:Yes, quite. At times over the years she can become quite self absorbed. But she's never been so downright hurtful. I can't really see a way for our relationship to be the same anymore.
text:I would agree that the relationship is getting a bit toxic but before terminating such a long relationship i would do one thing. I would try to see if there is something going on in her life right now for her to be acting like this. Sometimes people dont know how to talk about something thats bothering then and it in turn comes out as anger or spite.	labels:That's true. We've been through a lot together over the years. But I can't deny that what she said hurt, and our conversations are just so superficial now.
text:Yeah to be honest if you press the issue and ask if anything is going and you continue to get toxic responses. It might be time to end the friendship. I would do that as a last resort but there is no need for you to be carrying it one sided and holding all the burden as well. It hurts to have to end a long friendship but unfortunately sometimes it has to happen to keep yourself in a better spot.	labels:Thanks. I appreciate your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:Hello, I'm feeling very anxious about my classes. How are you?
text:I am doing well, I also get really anxious about my classes. They can be really stressful.	labels:Yeah, especially with the pandemic, it's just been so hard to try and focus.
text:I agree, there is so much going on that it is hard to stay focused while trying to make sense of all this.	labels:Exactly. Do you have any suggestions for what I can do to try and do better in my classes? I've tried talking to my professors, but they've all been really unhelpful thus far.
text:Of course! I like to wake up a little earlier and at least get started on an assignment to feel like I have accomplished something at least before the rest of the world wakes up. I understand some people like their sleep, so another suggestion is to review any notes you take and use different colored ink for different topics or important highlights.	labels:I think that's a really good idea! I usually sleep in too late and then feel like I'm rushing around to get all of my work done, only adding onto the stress. I also really like the pen idea. Do you have any suggestions for good brands that I should use to help make my notes better?
text:Uniball makes really good pens that the option to switch colors on the pen, but they sell packs with different colors too. I like to use red ink for really important things, and blue for things I might think I will need later but aren't sure.	labels:I think that's a really good idea for helping to improve my focus. If my notes are more eye-catching, it'll help to keep my attention when I'm looking over them again after class and trying to study. I think your suggestion of waking up earlier is good too, what time do you suggest waking up in the morning? I usually don't set an alarm and find myself rushing around before class.
text:I personally wake up around 6AM and have just gotten used to it so I wake up that time no matter what. I blame the army.  But, an alarm on your phone or computer can be effective. Even having someone you know that wakes up early call you can be a help, provided you are not grumpy at being woke up :)	labels:I think that would really help. I sometimes have trouble waking up to my alarms in the morning too, but maybe making the ringtone louder would help with that as well or putting it further away from me so that I have to get up further in the morning to get it. Do you think those would be effective too? Or would getting a different alarm help?
text:That is a really good idea actually!! I should try that and put my phone on the other side of the room next time I want to wake up earlier. I personally use the most annoying thing I can find as a ringtone/alarm, so that I will make every effort to turn it off but a lot of the alarm clocks you can find in stores are plenty loud and annoying.	labels:Ooh, yeah. I like your ringtone idea too! I usually make it some sort of song that I like and then end up either sleeping past it or not hearing, but I think making it something loud or annoying would really help to get me up to turn it off.
text:What exactly do you think causes you to have to rush around before class? Just not enough time or just situations you cannot control. Trust me I understand myself, I have been in college 2.5 years myself. and it took about 1.5 years to get to where I was comfortable with my schedule and personal time.	labels:I think knowing that I don't have to drive to campus is what makes me feel like I can sleep in. It feels much easier to just wake up and go onto my computer than having to get ready in the morning and drive to campus. I think I mostly miss that routine. Because of that, I also find myself going to bed much later than I should be, even on school nights.
text:That is a good rational reason I would say, I do online classes too and it is far too easy just to wake up, go to the computer and that is it for the day. Campus life seems more structured and like you could plan a routine, but being stuck at home sort of changes all of that.	labels:Exactly. It was much easier for me when I had a routine schedule, versus knowing that I can just wake up, roll out of bed, and go to class, but I think that your suggestions are really going to help me finish my semester on a better foot.
text:I am really glad I can help, I think part of me was talking to myself as well when giving advice since I have gotten alot lazier these days. I hope you have a great day and hang in there and stay focused and you will do great!!!!!	labels:Thank you so much! I hope you're able to finish off your semester good this year as well!	episode_done:True
text:hi my friend.\nHello ! How are you doing?	labels:feeling very shame.
text:Oh my god ! What happened?	labels:i have cheated on my girlfriend.
text:I feel sorry for you .. What was the reason behind that ? I understand how you are feeling right now.	labels:me and my girlfriend mom had an physical relationship but till now my girlfriend belives im good guy.
text:Calm down friend.	labels:what should i do now.
text:Can i know the reason why you got attracted to her mom when she herself is there ? Chill out friend, feel good atleast now you have realised your mistake. Whatever happened has happened, forget everything.	labels:i have gone to her home.her mom taken advantage to me what should i dothat time so we did it.
text:I understand , so now forget from beng guilty.	labels:but till now my girlfriend dont know about it but her mom is now targeting me for her sexual desire.
text:You have got such a nice girlfriend, have a happy life with her.	labels:but think about her mom how could i handle her.
text:Dont worry, just tell your girlfriend directly about the incident of how her mom is behaving towards you with a proof if you could. Or else be bold enough to warn her mom regarding this.	labels:yes im going to warn her.
text:You have such a nice girlfriend my dear friend, so cheating her is not at all fair. Yes, go ahead, the problems will vanish.	labels:yeah i can understand.
text:And i believe you too are good, as you have realised your mistake , so stop worrying or feeling guilty for the act. Be happy :)	labels:sure i will try to solve my problem.
text:Thats the spirit :)	labels:give any tips to warn her my friend.
text:Just be bold enough, dont get aroused or attracted to her by any way even though she's seducing you, be harsh towards her , because you will have to teach a better lesson to her. Tell her, if she repeats this , then you are either gonna tell it to your girlfriend or either file a complaint against her.	labels:yyeah sure my friend i will try this.
text:Yess. Go ahead.	labels:yeah sure.	episode_done:True
text:I am worried about being perfect on my job.  I don't want to lose my job.\nI hear you are trying to be perfect on your job because you are worried about losing your job.  How long have you been at your job?	labels:I have been working for about 4 months, but I just am not as fast at it as everyone else.  I'm trying so hard working late and everything but it's never enough.
text:That can be hard when you are working so hard to try to do your best.  Can you consult with a supervisor or co-workers to get some help?	labels:Maybe I could ask my friend and co-worker for some tips.  I'm a little embarrassed to do so, but don't know where to turn. I don't want to get fired.
text:Asking for help isn't always a bad thing.  I asked for help at my last job and they gave me someone to help out.  I was so relieved.	labels:That's true maybe it could turn out for the better.  But what if they see me as incompetant?
text:I can see that you have worry of being seen incompetent but as long as you are doing your best, they have to see the efforts you are making as positive.	labels:That's a good way to put it.
text:Sometimes deep breaths can help keep you calm when approaching others in an anxiety provoking situation.	labels:I will have to try that.  That might help.
text:Have you thought of doing additional work related trainings?  Sometimes they can give suggestions to improve work abilities.	labels:That sounds great.  Do you think my work would be supportive?
text:Work can often pay for trainings or offer suggestions what may improve work strategies.	labels:Wow, I hope I can take advantage of that.  I will have to check into that.  Who should I approach at work?
text:You could ask your immediate supervisor or sometimes Human resources for support.	labels:I can do that.  I think I'll reach out tomorrow to Human Resources for some help.
text:That sounds like a good plan to reach out for support.  Is there anything else I can help with?	labels:No that should be all.  I am feeling more confident in strategies to use to help me.  Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi I am so sad my boyfriend was cheating and broke up with me when I found out. I don't think I can ever be happy again.\nI am sorry to hear that. reading your opening statement it sounds like you are now suffering from low self-esteem is that true?	labels:I have always had problems with low self esteem this makes it worse. I have lost interest in everything I can barely make myself go to work.
text:do you think if you knew the reasons why the relationship ended it would help you deal with things a lot better?	labels:Maybe, why would he cheat? I have seen her she is not that pretty. I thought something was going on the last few months but he kept telling me everything was fine and that it was all my imagination.
text:remember the fact that he cheated is not your fault. if he entered into a committed relationship with you you should not be cheating. if things aren't right you should be talking this through with you before deciding to move on and see someone else.	labels:I thought I was a good girlfriend, I was loyal, nice to his friends, kept the house nice, cooked for him, he never said he was unhappy he just started having to work nights and weekends a lot with no overtime he said he was salary now. I must just be unlovable.
text:have you tried getting back out there and dating again? just because he didn't want to have an honest relationship with you, doesn't mean that nobody else does. also in my message above I have made a couple of autocorrect errors, apologies for that.	labels:I trusted what he told me despite my gut feeling which turned out to be right. I thought we were so perfect together, I don't want him back I could never trust him again, I am not sure I could trust any guy right now, I am so hurt and confused. I don't  ever want to feel like this again.
text:relationship issues, especially when they and suddenly can be one of the most stressful periods in an adults life. you are not alone in that other people have been through similar experiences themselves.	labels:This was the first guy I ever lived with, I  thought we would get married one day. How do people make it through the pain, it actually hurts.
text:Do you have someone who you can talk to about this to support you?	labels:I have a couple acquaintances at work but I wouldn't want to discuss my personal life with, my mom said to have  a good cry but I almost couldn't stop once I started. He was my best friend and who I talked to once we got together I didn't seem to need anyone else which looks like a mistake now. That is why I am here for support.
text:Ok I understand. It is normal to be upset in a situation like this. When I ask if there is someone to talk to, I meant perhaps a friend or someone who has experienced a similar breakup. There are also support groups out there that can really help. Getting your emotions out and seeing that others struggle with the same issue may be a very good thing.	labels:Have you ever had a break up of a serious relationship or know someone who has? Does the aching inside ever get better? How long will it take?
text:When I was younger, my girlfriend cheated on me. We were together for 4 years. For me, it turned to anger not sadness, I was so angry that she did that to me. I realised that if she was capable of doing this, it's better that I found out now, rather than when we were engaged or married. I loved her but after she cheated, I couldn't stand the sight of her. I completely understand the feelings you are experiencing. The good news is that I have since met someone wonderful, we have children and I am now very happy.	labels:I am sorry that happened to you but glad it turned out well in the end. You have a good point that it is better to know now than after we got married. I do have a nice neighbor who expressed concern when he noticed my boyfriend was gone. He said if I ever needed someone to talk to he was there. I thought he was just being nice. Maybe I should go talk to him some time maybe he was sincere.
text:I think that that would be a good idea! for info, In terms of how long it takes to get over it. I have read a statistic that is takes half the length of the relationship to truly get over it. Personally I think it does depend on the person and how things end in terms of the breakup.	labels:Thank you for checking on that for me, I hope it is quicker I would hate to feel this way that long. I think I will go see him he is home right now. You have made me feel hopeful and that there will be an end to these feelings and maybe things will go as well for me as they did you. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:I am worried after breaking up with my boyfriend that I will never find love again.\nI'm sorry to hear about your breakup. Was it your boyfriend that ended the relationship and how long were you guys together?	labels:We were together for 3 years and he ended it suddenly.
text:this actually happened to me last year. my girlfriend ended things completely out of the blue. it came to light that she felt this way for a while but didn't know how to speak to me about it.	labels:It's such a shocker and I'm dumbfounded and sad.
text:it is true that relationships can have a big impact on us especially when the end suddenly and seemingly without reason. this must be very stressful.	labels:Yes, I wonder if I will ever love again.
text:it does take time to get over a breakup especially one that ends suddenly but I think once you get over the initial shockyou seem like a positive person so I believe you can get over this.	labels:Thanks.  What should I do next?
text:do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about your feelings?	labels:Maybe I could talk to my friend Sam because she just broke up with her boyfriend.
text:speaking to others who have had similar experiences it's always a good idea. they may be able to offer a fresh perspective that you haven't considered before.	labels:She's worked through the process a little longer than I so maybe she could see things from a more rational perspective.
text:that's good, I'd definitely reach out to her, especially when the Break-Up is so fresh. you may not be thinking clearly and a friend that understands might really help.	labels:You are right.  I hope this works.
text:you have been through a really tough time. I do think you can get through this though and come out the other side. I believe you can do it!	labels:I am glad for the encouragement.   What should I do when I start to panic about being alone?
text:I can tell that you are worried that you will be lonely forever and I can tell you are anxious about that..	labels:Yes, that is scary. Maybe some deep breaths will help me.  Thanks for you support.  You have helped me feel supported and cared for.
text:It is a big world out there and there will be someone else that is right for you. Personally, if he cheated then it may be a good thing that you found out now and not further down the line, after you had invested even more time into the relationship.	labels:That's so true.  I will find someone who truly loves me.  Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I love my friends but today hatred in my life.\nIt's great that you have friends in your life that you love. What is causing you to feel that you hate your life today?.	labels:My friend saw the lie.
text:Ok. Your friends saw the lie. do you mean to say that your friends uncovered a lie you told them?	labels:Yes he told lie to me.
text:So a good friend told you a lie? Do you feel that the lie was meant to hurt you?	labels:I am very hurted.
text:How did the lie hurt you?	labels:He say that lie i will hurt.
text:How long have you know him? Has he lied to you in the past?	labels:10 year friendship no one lie to the past.
text:That says a lot that he has never lied to you prior to this. What do you think changed about him to cause him to lie this time?	labels:He say sorry to me i accepted.
text:Sometimes a little space can help resolve feelings. Do you feel that a little time would help you to be able to accept his apology and forgive him?	labels:Ok i accepted.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you today?	labels:I'm okay. Facing a tough decision and having a hard time coping.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it?	labels:Yes, thank you. I decided to go back to school to finish my BA.
text:Its great that you decided to go back to school. Are you having trouble selecting a college or something like that?	labels:Well now with the pandemic I don't know if it's the right time anymore.
text:I understand your concern  given the current pandemic situation. But I have heard some colleges are offering online courses until this pandemic is over. Maybe you can explore in that direction to ease your worries.	labels:I'm taking online courses right now, and I really don't like it. I much prefer in classroom lecture.
text:I definitely resonate with the way you feel about online learning. Although difficult it is also important to stay indoors to keep yourself safe. Is there anything that will motivate you?	labels:I don't know. I want to see if I could find classes conducted with Zoom or video.
text:Maybe you can check with the college if they would consider offering classes over zoom as this is the most preferred mode of instruction.	labels:I will try to do that. If that's my only option right now, then I will have to settle for classes conducted over livestream. I just don't like self-learning.
text:Sounds like a plan and am happy to see that you are sure about what you want.	labels:Yes, I just wish it could be the way it was. I was so happy to be back in school and I'm so close to being done.
text:I too wish everything goes back to the way it was and it will one day. We have to adjust to a slightly new way of living and this would happen if each one of us do our part to break the chain and flatten the curve..	labels:I agree. I still hate it though.
text:You can do it, as you said you are almost there. Once you do it you will be very proud of yourself. Believe me this is just a temporary setback and you are doing a great job.	labels:Thank you for the words of encouragement. I do appreciate that.
text:I am glad I could make you feel better. Is there anything else I can do today for you?	labels:No. Thanks for chatting with me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you doing today?	labels:Hello there.  I am feeling a bit down.
text:Would you like to go into the reasons why you are feeling down?	labels:Sure.   I am not going to be able to do Thanksgiving with my parents because of Covid and I am kind of bummed out about it.  Some mild depression.
text:I hear that, we are only doing it for just our house this year. Have you considered doing something virtual?	labels:Well yeah, but it's not the same.  I know I am doing the right thing, but it still sucks.
text:Yea some times the right thing does suck, and i know its not the same. I do know zoom has removed the 40 min restrictions for thanksgiving, so at least you can see your parents as long as you want.	labels:Oh that's nice, I didn't know that.  Thanks.  I thought about trying a video wifi call on the phone but that would be better.
text:Thought it might help a little. These times do hurt but at least you are being smart about it. I would maybe try to plan something fun you guys could do over the call. Make it a bit interesting.	labels:Yes, I think I going to get some bread pudding and drop it off over there too.  I can take enough precautions to make sure it is safe for them.
text:Oh thats nice that you are close enough to be able to do that now. At least you will be able to taste a bit of home cooking right?	labels:Yeah I guess we can do a toast and stuff on zoom.  That might be a little better.
text:Yea, and hey maybe when the vaccine is readily available and we can start seeing our family safely again, we can make a new tradition. A new V-Day celebration heh.	labels:Are you kind of in the same boat?  It helps a little bit talking with somebody that is.
text:Yea, i have my daughter and partner. But we usually have a big family dinner with people coming in from all over the country. We are trying the zoom thing too. Gonna be hectic but hopefully fun.	labels:I see, well my family isn't that big but we do try to get together every thanksgiving to have a good meal and hopefully watch the Cowboys win.  This will be the first time in a long while that I can even think of we aren't doing it.
text:Yea i dont think anyone here has missed one in years. My partner will be cheering on the cowboys for you as well ha. I was trying to tell my partner though, traditions have to start somewhere, why cant now be time to start a new one?	labels:That's a fair point.  Hopefully this will only be a one year disturbance with these vaccines on their way.  They should both have theirs well before then and hopefully me too.
text:Yea it is looking good with for both vaccines right now. I always try to focus on the positives. You can almost always find some good in a bad situation.	labels:Agreed.  Well you have been most helpful letting me vent a little and talk about it.  Thanks a lot.
text:Not a problem. I hope you get to see your family sooner than later. No reason why you cant cook up a nice turkey when we can!	labels:We will make it through this.  Take care and thanks a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello!  How are you doing today?	labels:Not too good, I've just been feeling really tired lately. I haven't had the energy to do anything no matter how hard I try. Then when I do manage to do something, I'm just so sad that its hard to find the motivation to put any effort in.
text:What do you do for a living?  Are you stretching yourself too thin?	labels:I'm a freelance writer so I can choose my own hours. I haven't been going over the top with my hours, I'm definitely doing less now than I did before.
text:Sometimes I find that when I am doing less I end up being more exhausted.	labels:Yeah, the more I sleep the more I want to sleep. The fact that I don;t have set hours means that I just stay in bed for ages before a deadline.
text:Have you been spending any time outside or exercising?  Science has shown that boost of endorphins you get from sunlight or exercise can help with energy.. I understand that it is easy to stay in bed all day until you absolutely have to do something. .	labels:No we're back in lockdown here so I've been staying inside unless I need groceries and stuff.
text:Not having motivation is a tough feeling to overcome.  I think a lot of people are suffering with this issue due to todays current affairs.	labels:Yeah I honestly think that's what's affected my mood, it doesn't help that my uncle recently got diagnosed with covid.
text:Do you think it could help you if you tried to spend some more time outside or exercising?	labels:I'm just burnt out I think. I have stopped exercising so that's something to consider.
text:Even if you just do something easy like a walk around the block.  Or sit in front of a window while the sun floods in on you.	labels:Yeah I guess that's something I should consider.
text:I try to make sure that on sunny days I open all of my blinds.  It forces me to get out of bed, and the vitamin D boost from the sunshine helps to keep me motivated. It sounds like you may be identifying some things that you could change?	labels:I honestly can't tell the last time I even opened my blinds so I could do that. Yeah, you've given me a few ideas. Thanks for that.
text:That's great!  I am glad to help.  I am confident that you can overcome this time. .	labels:Fingers crossed, I'll try those options you've given me though. Thanks for listening in anyway.	episode_done:True
text:Hello How can I help u today? Hello? Can you please state your issue?	labels:Have there, I have a work issue that I'm hoping you can help me with.
text:Sure, How can I help you?	labels:I want to get a qualification but I'm working full-time at the moment and I also work very long hours. the problem is the courses that I want to do a huge time commitment. I'm really angry that I can't seem to get better qualifications to improve my life, because I need to work and need the income to keep me going. I feel stuck and don't know how to get past this.
text:Working and going to school can be tough. It must be very stressful. Maybe you can take less classes or hours at work? Or what are some ways you can relax after a long day?	labels:you are right this is very stressful. I've gotten used to the steady income and now we lie on it. the problem is I do work quite late hours so have limited time to study. any suggestions?
text:I would ask for lesser hours if you can or study during your lunch breaks.	labels:Perhaps I can ask for a different shift pattern yes, or reduce my hours. I may need to take a look at my finances and do a bit of recalculating. Have you ever had a situation like this?
text:I have not but I know people who are in your situation.	labels:I wonder if there are courses and qualifications that you can get just by studying maybe an hour a day or an hour every other day?
text:I would look on sites like Skill share. You can learn a lot on there. There maybe some free courses to but I'm not sure.	labels:ok I've never heard of skillshare, is that a website where you can get more information about work based qualifications etc?
text:I think so. Doesn't hurt to check them out.	labels:yeah that's very true. I've never heard of that before so thanks for the tip.
text:Youre welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:also I'm not sure why this is making me feel so angry I think it's the stress of the situation. you mentioned what I can do to relax at the end of the day, do you think this will help see things more clearly?
text:Skill share can help you learn new skills and try out yoga or mediation.	labels:yeah I read that yoga I can be really good for your health and your mental well-being.
text:There is an app called Calm that you can use for free or you can pay for it to unlock new features. It can and it keeps you fit.	labels:I didn't realise there was so much support available. thanks again for the suggestions!
text:You are welcome anything else I can help with?	labels:No that's great. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi how are you doing today?	labels:I'm alright, just feeling a bit depressed.
text:Im sorry you are feeling depressed. Whats making you feel that way?	labels:Thanksgiving is this week and I will be spending it alone.
text:Youre spending thanksgiving alone? Do you usually spend Thanksgiving alone?	labels:Yes, and no because of COVID I haven't been able to see my family.
text:I understand how you feel. COVID is causing a lot of distance between familys making relationships difficult.. Have you thought about video chatting them on Thanksgiving?	labels:Yes very. My family lives in another state. Yes, but it's not the same.
text:I know what you mean, in-person is always better than over the phone. I understand why you would feel this way..	labels:It's made me feel very depressed and I am only feeling worse as the holiday grows closer.
text:You're not alone in feeling this way. A lot of people are missing their families during the holidays. What would help you during this difficult times? besides video chatting? Can you still cook yourself a nice meal and do any traditions you normally do?	labels:Yes I could do that. I was thinking about ordering a Thanksgiving Platter for 2 people so I could have some leftovers from a restaurant that I really like in my town. They do holiday specials.
text:thats a great idea!	labels:And AMC always shows great holiday movies so I will watch a bunch.
text:dont worry, soon this pandemic will end and we can go back to the holidays we are used to. We just have to wait. I understand how hard it can make it on holidays though.	labels:Yes I do hope so.
text:I love AMC/Holiday  movies as well!	labels:I understand the situation is dire and people are sick, but everyone is suffering, even emotionally.
text:that is very true. our world has been so different this year.	labels:Yes it's sad.
text:Is there any foods you are looking forward to from your favorite restraunt or movie your interested to watch this year?	labels:Yes of course. Mashed potatoes and gravy and the movie Four Christmases is hysterical.
text:great choices! mashed potatoes and gravy is my favorite too! and that movie is so funny..	labels:Haha thanks. Well thank you for chatting with me, I feel better.
text:You sound like you have a great plan in place as a temporary holiday until we can be with our familes again. i know its not the same but you sound like you are making the best of the situation. which is all we can really do ..	labels:Thank you. I'm trying. I really miss my parents.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nHello, how can I help you today?	labels:I'm having a bit of a bad time at the moment. I've been with my partner for 2 years she's great. unfortunately my feelings for her changed and we broke up recently. the problem is I think I've made a big mistake and worry that she's moved on with her life.
text:OK, thanks for explaining. Can I ask what makes you think she has moved on with her life? how recently did you guys split up?	labels:About three months ago. I have started to miss her badly. I saw her with another guy when I was out at the supermarket at the weekend. She lives near me so I wasn't surprised but I don't know who this guy is..
text:So to clarify, you ended things and think this wasn't the right thing to do. You have seen her with someone else and now you think you want her back.	labels:Yeah that's right. I can't believe she has moved on so quickly.
text:Can I ask, for  how long have you thought you have made a mistake by ending things. was it when you saw her with someone else?	labels:I must admit it was only when I saw her with someone else that I started to really miss her. do you think I'm just feeling jealous because we were so close and now I've seen her with someone else?
text:I had a friend who was in a very similar situation to this. he was in a long term relationship with a girl for 5-years. they split up and stayed friends. It was only when he saw her with someone else that he decided he wanted to give things another go.	labels:I think you might be right actually. I didn't really miss her until I saw her with someone else. is this normal I don't know what to do about this?
text:I'd say this is completely normal. I can tell by talking to you that you did have strong feelings for this person once and seeing her with someone else has made you remember the good times.	labels:Well that's good to know. I'm not normally the jealous type but I suppose we did have good times and I want her to be happy I suppose. I do think I've made a mistake though now I've thought about it!
text:I can tell you are a caring person and really do care about your ex-girlfriend happiness. I'm sure you will do the right thing but you need to think of yourself.	labels:do you think I should try and get in touch with her and tell her how I feel?
text:I think you need to think carefully about what you really want. If you feel like this then I would suggest you do talk to her about it, however you may be best talking it through with a friend or family member first.	labels:That's not a bad idea. I think I will speak to one of my friends about this ,he's normally pretty good with that kind of thing.
text:yes it's really good to talk it through with someone first just really understand if trying to restart your old relationship is the right thing to do for you.	labels:I think I conversation has actually helped me understand my motivations a little better. you have also given me some good suggestions so thank you for that.
text:I'm happy to hear that. you seem like a really decent person and I'm sure you will make the right decision and I'm positive you can get past this!	labels:Thanks for the conversation. It really helped.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you doing today? I'd love to chat with  you! What's been on  your mind?	labels:oh hello. I'm having problems with friends - or more precisely the lack of them. I don't have any.
text:Oh I see. You feel as though you don't have any friend's currently? I totally get that. I feel like that a lot too, especially in these weird times we are going through. It's so hard to see people and keep relationships right now.	labels:Well it's more that I think I've never had friends. Not anyone I can confide in or laugh with.
text:That's a really hard thing to be going through. I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any really close family members that you are able to confide in?	labels:I don't think I'd want to let them know how unhappy I am to be honest.
text:Oh I see. Well personally, when I was going through a hard time and I felt like I didn't have any friends, I found a couple pretty cool apps that helped me out! IT sounds crazy, but there are apps specifically for finding friends. They are kind of like dating apps but it's 100% meant for friends so everyone on them has the same intentions you do. I actually found a couple close friends through apps like that. Have you heard about those or looked into them?	labels:I've never heard of friendship apps to be honest.
text:Yeah! They are a really good way to connect with people that you share a lot of similar interests with. But it sounds to me that you are pretty overall sad right now. You don't want family to know about how sad you are. Do you think it's more than just feeling like you don't have any friends?	labels:I'd really like someone local though, someone who I could meet up with face to face and who knew my town.
text:On most of the apps, it connects you with people in your town! people close by.	labels:I don't know if it's more than that. What do you mean? The problem is that I lack the courage to go out and meet people.
text:Well personally, I have struggled with putting myself down a lot and blaming myself for things that I shouldn't blame myself for. You shouldn't blame yourself for not having the courage to go meet people, or blame yourself for not having any friends! And if that is what you are struggling with, then I think the apps would be a really good first step for you! You can create those bonds and connections with people close by to you on there first, and then when you feel comfortable enough with them you can meet up. That way it's less awkward to hangout with someone you don't really know.	labels:oh you mean chat online first, before actually meeting in person?
text:Yeah, that is what is great about those friendship apps. You can get comfortable with them before you hangout :)	labels:That's so cool. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you?	labels:I don't know how to get over this. I'm just alright.
text:You are having some trouble getting over something is that correct?. Why are you feeling just alright?.	labels:I'm feeling just alright because nothing excites me or gives me joy anymore. Many of my family have passed on and the holidays are coming..
text:I understand that it is hard to have some type of joy especially with the holidays coming along especially when family has passed on..	labels:This pandemic doesn't help either. No gatherings with many people..
text:I know it is hard, it also has taken a toll on me as well this pandemic is hard to go through, but I take it day by day. Maybe you should take to someone if there is anyone close to you?	labels:Only my Aunt, but I haven't talked to her in a long time. I just figure she's busy..
text:maybe you should try to call her sometime im sure she would like that.	labels:How do I get over feeling like I'm dumping on her? I know she's family but i'm sure she has problems too.
text:right I see where you are coming from, remeber she is your family.	labels:Yes, I suppose you are right. My aunt is the youngest sister of my mom. We used to see each other at family gatherings. Maybe she won't mind me calling..
text:see you got this, a call is all that it takes to feel better.	labels:I'm going to follow your suggestion and get myself out of this slump I'm in. I know I'm not the only person who goes through this, but it feels this way sometimes.
text:I used to feel like that all the time but then I thought to myself that i needed to surround myself with people and not be alone. Im glad that you are going to follow my suggestion, we all go through the same thing but your getting help and thats whats counts.	labels:You have a good point there. I used to think if I had my family then I didn't need anybody else. But we all need somebody to talk to.
text:exactly you got it, we all need to surround ourselves with good people, im glad that you realize this. I hope that my insight has given you motavation to pursue relationships.	labels:Thanks for your help. I'll go now and get my thoughts together to call my aunt.
text:alright awesome it was a pleasure talking to you, have a good day..	labels:Enjoy your holidays!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you doing today?	labels:i'm stressed about my family getting covid. my youngest is waiting for test results. we shoul dhear something monday or tuesday.
text:I am sorry you are going through that and hope the results are negative. This are some tough times. Have you all been following protocol after finding out?	labels:yes, he's been isolating. but i'm worried that we all with have to quarantine if he's positive.
text:That is stressful to think about but would be a necessity. The only thing you all can do if it comes down to it is try to set it up so you all can be as comfortable as possible during the period.	labels:That's true. everything just feels so out of control.
text:When i feel like everything is out of control, i try to focus on small tasks that i can complete with ease. Maybe you can focus on setting up quarantine room, or getting medication and food to last for those weeks just in case. Worst case out of that is that you have some extra food and medicine..	labels:i can focus on the things i can control - that's good advice. what have you been doing to stay sane through all of this?
text:Well for one my house has never been so spotless ha. I have been exercising more, going for more walks with my dog, having more family nights, just anything really that can take my mind of it.	labels:i haven't felt like doing much of anything, my house is wreck. where are you finding motivation.
text:I did not want to let my fears control me. Believe me the first month or so i did just that. I just wanted to feel better. I started small, cleaning one room at a time. Making a small list to get done. Sooner than later the lists got longer, the place got cleaner.	labels:did you find a list online or make it yourself?
text:I made one starting with the easiest jobs first.	labels:what should i do when i finish cleaning?
text:Have you ever wanted to try a new hobby? Knitting, woodworking, anything really?	labels:good idea, i am just finding it hard to get away from the constant bad covid news. i feel like i'm always on high alert. it's stressing me out.
text:I was checking 10 times a day. What really helped me was to actually stop checking. Maybe just try to get some local news but dont let it consume you.	labels:cleaning, hobbies, anything else good for distraction? got a good podcast recommendation?
text:Ha not at the moment no. I think also trying to include the family in those things as well really helps. I mean if things get heated always good to give everyone space. Well i do love last house on the left, but that is a little dark and i think were trying to steer away from that.	labels:thanks for your advice. y'all stay safe.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I am Mike. Live in central Kansas and have been very depressed.\nI'm sorry to hear that, is there a particular reason or instance for you feeling this way?	labels:I lost my job due to Covid and they have shut down for good. no jobs around here and no vehicle so i feel hopeless and hate my living situation. just before covid hit i was saving to move...but then job closed.
text:Yes that is a very tough situation, Covid has real placed a large amount of stress through out the world. There may be a ray of hope however with a possible vaccine in the near future, maybe this will be back to normal soon and new jobs will become available..	labels:I hope so and that is what i know mentally. but emotionally it is hard. i just hate having no job, being at home, no money, no vehicle, and a very bad idea to date since there is a high contagious pandemic.
text:I understand and you are right it is a a lot of mental stress. Have you reached out to claim unemployment or go to a food pantry? During this pandemic you should not feel shameful to take advantage of these services, there are alot of people who have to ask for help for the first time in their lives..	labels:I did not make enough to get unemployment they said. I have not tried a food pantry but that is a great idea. what makes this difficult is I am in a very small town . like we dont wal marts or McDonalds or anything like that. Whole town closes at 9. the closest actual  city is 45 miles away.
text:Well please try the food pantry and see what they have to offer. Is there anyone whom you could ask for a ride in the future when they go to the bigger city?.	labels:I will try food pantry. my sister goes to the city once a month , we shop for the month and i stay with my siter.
text:Well its seem that you now have a plan try it out see how it works, hopefully this will get back to normal sooner than later and life may go back to somewhat normal and your stress level and mental exhaustion will also subside. Is there anything else you would like to talk about?	labels:Well I have been wanting a relationship. and i normally dont feel that way at all. and past week i think how much i kind of should have a family as I am 37 but not sure if i truly want that or i just miss human contact as i have only been around family and not gone out at all except to walk and go to store in town, and am confused if it is actully me wanting somone in my life or just a physical thing.
text:I think your exactly right, human contact is now a premium and I'm sure you miss that contact that we were once so use to. Missing the contact makes you realize how much you enjoy the company of others. Take it slow and once the vaccine is out ease your way back into the dating scene and see if a relationship is what you really wanted after all.	labels:yeah i mean emotionally i want to go maybe try a date or two or even just an adult night out but know logically it is a VERY risky idea. And that I need to not do anything like that till next year at the minimum . I do appreciate the advice and ideas.
text:Remember that age is only a number and love will no no number, we are hear to listen and support you so if you ever need to talk just know we are a mouse click away.	labels:And appreciate that especially during the current situation..
text:Your welcome stay strong..	labels:You as well.
text:Thank you.	labels:Oh I did want to ask. do you have any experience in either Alaska or Arizona? I know vastly differnt places but when I move I had been considering those. among others. Alska seems so risky but potentially amazing but it is rather far away from "main america"
text:I do not have any personal experience and yes they do sound amazing..	labels:yeah. also 1,000 bucks a year on your taxes just for living there but concerned internet would be bad and if you have power outage in the winter in Alaska...not gonna be a good time so have anxiety sometimes . I can search more on my own.	episode_done:True
text:hi! how are you doing today>	labels:Hello, I'm doing okay, wbu?
text:ok it's been a stressful time for most of us but we are all doing the best we can.	labels:Yeah that's true.
text:whats been the weirdest part of the pandemic for you?	labels:So I live with my boyfriend and my bestfriend. And I am afraid they are doing skethy stuff behind my back. It sounds crazy, and I don't have any proof but I have this feeling. The way they talk around each other makes me nervous.
text:hmm, tell me more. what do you think is going on?	labels:I'm scared when it is just the two of them here at home. And they are jsut so much more friendly together than before we moved in.
text:living together can make people more comfortable with each other. has there been something specific that has caused you to wonder about them>	labels:Not really specifics. It's more of a just in general sort of thing. I know them both really really well, so I am just picking up on tiny little details.
text:i hear you. have you said anything to either one of them?	labels:I have talked to my boyfriend, but he just tells me that it's crazy I would think something like that. Idk... I don't want to sound crazy and blow it out of proportion if it's really nothing. I don't know if there is actually something I should be worried about, or if I am thinking these crazy thoughts for other reasons.
text:having doubts about relationships is rough. do you know brene brown?	labels:I don't know who that is.
text:she researches shame and vunerability.	labels:Does she do live talks or videos? Or is she more in online writing.
text:she has a great TED talk!.	labels:Oh that's cool! I will have to check that out. So you think maybe I am feeling this way is because I have shame or vulnerability in the relationship?
text:anyway, i find her imspirational when I have doubts. no, not really it's the doubting that is likely what's bothering you the most - the unknown.	labels:Yeah.. that's true. I think it's a good idea to learn more about how I'm feeling before I make any rash decisions.
text:that's wise. theres a great youtube video with cartoon animals where brene talks about empathy.	labels:Ohhh wait I think I have seen that one haha. It was shown in my class in like 9th grade.
text:things are weird for everyone right now. emotions are running high, covid is running rampant, it's a mess and understandable that we are all stressed.	labels:Yeah you are right. I think I am just overthinking a lot. I will look into that TED talk. Thank you so much for the advice! I appreciate the conversation.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you?	labels:Hi, I'm coping with losing my boyfriend to another woman and can't deal.
text:I am sorry to hear that. You deserve better.	labels:Thanks, I'm just still in shock.
text:I understand you. I went through similar situation.	labels:I just don't know what to do.
text:Do you have any friends you can hang out with to get your mind off him?	labels:That would be a good idea.  Although it's a little hard with COVID restrictions.
text:How about treating yourself to nice relaxing bath and good book ?	labels:That sounds wonderful.
text:You should focus on yourself and remember you are a amazing woman!	labels:Thanks for the support.  Is it too early to start a new relationship?
text:If you are sure you are ready for it then No. However make sure you dont judge them by previous relationships.	labels:I have to think about it more but I am lonely already.
text:I understand but wouldnt you rather be alone and focusing on yourself instead of miserable relationship?	labels:I am thinking of pursuing a new relationship and hoping to move forward.
text:I think that would be a wonderful idea for you.	labels:I just don't know where to find someone.
text:Dont go looking for someone . Let them find you. Just live your life and love will find you.	labels:I have to think positive and love will come when I don't expect it.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you?	labels:i think i'm about to get fired from my job. i feel tremendous pressure. the uncertainty is kiling me.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that you are about to lose your job.  That sounds very stressful..	labels:i'm not certain. i hear rumors.  it would have been nice if my boss spoke to me directly instead of blabbing about this behind my back.
text:That sounds very difficult that things are not openly discussed. It sounds like you want to be proactive which is good though.	labels:it's awful.  this job is too hard for me.  getting fired would put me in a big financial hole.  my head is spinning.
text:Have you thought at all about looking for a new job that might not be so stressful? .	labels:i am about to start doing that but it's tricky. i'm a radio announcer and if your boss finds our you're looking for another job he can use that as a reason to fire you.  there are ways to get around this but it's complicated. small time radio is a difficult mess.
text:Is there anyone you can contact who has been in a similar situation to help you?	labels:i wish there was someone like that.  i've talked to people in the past about this type of situation but i wasn't the one under the gun.  but your advice is good and i'll try and think of someone who might be able to help me. .
text:That's great that you are so willing to try different options to move forward.  Perhaps a family member may help?	labels:i haven't told the specifics of this mess to my parents; i dont want to burden them with this.  they worry about me enough as it is.  my sisters wouldn't be able to help me.  they both have seirous emotional issues and are both in very bad marriages and have plenty of their own problems. .
text:Just from chatting with you, I can see why you are anxious.  Have you tried any deep breathing techniques.  They are often helpful when dealing with stress.	labels:that's a good idea.  i think i'll try that. and praying.
text:Praying is also an excellent idea.  My friends and I prayed all day long for each other during a difficult exam that I previously had failed and had to retake.  That day everyone passed the exam. .	labels:praying is a wonderful thing that i need to do more often.  i'm glad you passed the exam.  i had a lot of pressure when i went to college as well. it seems most of my 24 years alive i've had one sort of probem or another but i always remember that i have plenty of things to be thankful for too. life can be rough.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:hi.
text:How are you doing?	labels:Well I'm distraught.
text:Why do you feel that way?	labels:Because my girlfriend has left me.
text:That must be really hard for you. I haven't personally had to deal with that, but I have had friends that have.. How long were you together?	labels:four years.
text:Being together that long must have made that break up difficult. How are you coping with it?	labels:well I'm not really, especially as she'd gone off with someone else. But I'm to blame which makes it worse.
text:You do seem upset so that shows that you care! Do you mind me asking what happened?	labels:I cheated on her on a drunken night. It was a one-off and I regret it terribly. But she found out about it and left me without giving me a chance to explain.
text:I see how she would be upset. It must be difficult for you though because she didn't give you another chance.. Do you have someone to talk to about your feelings?	labels:yeah, I'm not saying I deserved it just wish she had. But no, not really. No-one who would understand.
text:I would have wanted a second chance too if I were in your shoes.. Is this affecting you really bad?	labels:Yeah I feel so low.
text:If your mood is affecting your daily activities, normally that means your mental health has been affected.. You could always talk to a professional if it's hard for you..	labels:it's difficult though, to open up.
text:It is. But trust me, it really helps. I've been seeing a therapist recently actually and I love it. I don't have to worry about judgement at all.. It's a hard step but worth it in the end..	labels:They won't think I'm to blame?
text:The job of the therapist isn't to figure out if what you did was wrong or right. It's to help you understand your feelings and better cope. That's why they are so great!	labels:oh yeah, that's a good point.
text:Would you like to talk anything else through?	labels:No you've been helpful thanks.
text:no problem! I hope that everything works out for you.	labels:thanks x.
text:I think you're supposed to end the conversation btw. Have a great day!	labels:oh, am I thanks! (It says I can't until I've chatted for 15 minutes) But you helped with my problem promptly.
text:Ok! then we can just wait for the 15 minute mark. Do you know when that will be?	labels:now!	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you?\nHI! i'm good. how are things going?	labels:I've been better. Just stressed really bad. but I think everybody just about is at this point.
text:it is a stressful time. what's bothering you the most?	labels:Umm. lots. of course everything going on with covid. I have kids in different places some in different states. just worried. recently was in contact with someone who tested positive. so now we've all got tested. including 3 out of 4 of my kids. I only have one still at home.
text:i understand. both of my college aged kids are home but my husband works in another state and is traveling home thursday IF son #2's covid test comes back negative.	labels:Oh wow. I'm sorry. everything seems to be a mess for everyone. how are you dealing with it all?
text:are you talking with the kids often?	labels:for the most part. by text and phone. One is California she's supposed to come home in Dec. to visit. but I'm not sure it's a good idea now..
text:i'm just trying to focus on what i CAN control. making sure that we are ready just in case we have to quarantine..	labels:I already deal with depression and this has just made it worse. That's about all we can do. And pray. I pray a lot.
text:I have found that keeping in touch via phone text zoom is helpful.	labels:People here have already bought up the toilet paper again. Crazy. Good idea.
text:i get it. i've doubled down on the vitamin D and one of those "happy lights" so that seasonal depression is less for us.	labels:Does the vitamin d help with that?
text:i believe i've read that it does help with depression and also that the covid survival rate is higher with adequate vitamin D levels.	labels:I didn't know that. I'll have to remember that. thank you.
text:i have found it helpful too to remember that right after the spanish flu pandemic, we had the roaring 20s.	labels:Amen! lol I hope everything works out good for you and your family. I'll pray for you all.. it was good talking to you.
text:Thank you! may all of you stay safe and good luck with the civid tests.	labels:thank you. bye.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you?	labels:My friends won't even call me half the time even though I am always reaching out to them and trying to get together.\
text:It sounds like you are trying to reach out to friends and they don't reciprocate as much as you'd like?	labels:Not only that, they don't seem to ever call me.  I am the one doing all the efforts.
text:That can be hard when friends don't reach out despite all your efforts.  Have you discussed this concern with them?	labels:I haven't really tried to bring it up, but maybe I should.
text:Sometimes friends don't realize that they aren't fulfilling their end of the relationship and just need to become more aware.	labels:That makes sense.
text:Do you think you might want to have a conversation with your friends and see if they feel the same way? .	labels:Yes, that seems to be a good idea.
text:I've had friends in the past who didn't call and I found out later that they were having personal struggles and it wasn't anything against me.	labels:I see your point.  Maybe I should be asking if my friend needs anything instead of expecting so much from them.  I will have to talk to them to find out what is going on.
text:I can see it being hard not knowing for sure. .	labels:You make a good point.
text:Sometimes people also grow and change so relationships evolve as well.  Is there something you would hope to gain from the friendship that you think could change?	labels:I just would like to get some answers if I am the one to blame.  I feel guilty sometimes that I should have done something differently.
text:I can see that being a challenge feeling guilty about whether you did something to affect the relationship.  But, you sound like you are really trying to make things work and maintain the friendship.	labels:I'm really trying but maybe again just having a hard conversation may help to improve things.
text:I had one of those hard conversations in college with a roommate who later revealed that she was in counseling and overwhelmed and struggling. She apologized for the strain in the relationship.  I was so glad we talked about things because we went on to be better friends and not hold resentment toward one another. .	labels:I see what you mean.  That looks like it helps to talk through things.
text:Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:No thanks.  I am feeling more confident in handling the situation.  Thanks!
text:You are welcome.	labels:This has been very helpful. .	episode_done:True
text:hi how are you today?	labels:Not good,i am very sad.
text:i'm sorry. whats making you sad?	labels:My friend just stopped talking to me and she won't tell me the reason why.
text:has she communicated via text or messanger? or has all communication stopped?	labels:She stopped communicating completely.Doesn't even reply to me texts.
text:i'm so sorry to hear that. i had a friend do that to me right after the spring pandemic lockdown. did this happen recently?	labels:Yes,just this past week.How did you deal with your situation?
text:i was upset, but then after thinking about it more , i figured she just was overwhelmed with everything going on. i gave her the benefit of the doubt and texted happy birthday this summer and didn't hear anything back. can you think of anything going on with her that might cause her to stop communicating?	labels:That's too bad.I suppose that one should be able to let the other person know when you no ;longer want to be friends with them.That way one can move on quickly. I am completely unaware.We haven't had any argument of late so i am completely clueless.Wish she would just reach out.
text:i can imagine it's hard to put those feeling into words when you want to move on.	labels:Exactly.Do you know of any online resources that one can use to get through such situations?
text:but, it's left you feeling sad. how are things going otherwise?	labels:The other areas of my life are doing good.Just that the sadness is getting to me at times.
text:i don't know of any specific resources. i'm sorry. however, its good that things are going well otherwise. how are relationships with others in your life going? i have found that I focusd on other friendships more since my friend ghosted me..	labels:The other relationships are good even though i'm now more wary of people because i don't know who could leave my life at any moment without notice.
text:that's understandable but just because one person has left doesn't mean that others will.	labels:Yes it doesn't.But still,you never know who to trust anymore.
text:trust is tricky. do you know brene brown? the researcher, author, TED talk researcher?	labels:No i don't.Please tell me about him.
text:She researches shame and vunerablilty. I find her very inspriring..	labels:Will check her out immediately.Infact,let me do that now.
text:there's a great video on youtube where she talks about empathy. little cartoon animals.	labels:Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi! What can i help you with today?	labels:my girlfriend breakup me.
text:How does that make you feel?	labels:it cause me many dipression she was cheating with my friend that she says mine is not fit for her.
text:From what I can tell, your girlfriend cheated on you and then broke up with you because she thinks you are not the right fit for her. Is that correct?	labels:nope she says that how can i tell you she says that my dick is not fit for her.
text:That can be very difficult to hear. But there is someone special out there for everyone. Is there anything that would make you feel better?	labels:playing games,roaming with friendsand reading books.
text:Then do you think making such plans with your friends and playing games and reading books can make you happy again?	labels:no defnetly not.
text:What do you think you can do to make yourself happy again?	labels:i just want to belive that she left me so im going to travel it and going to concentrate on my job.
text:That sounds like a great plan! When I was having a difficult time after breaking up with someone I also decided to concentrate on something else and it really helped.	labels:really thanks that you were spending time with me.
text:No need to thank me, that is what I am here for :) I hope I was able to help you with.	labels:thanks. can i finish the conversation.
text:Yes of course! I hope you have a good day! :)	labels:you to have a good day. you have doing great work my friend.
text:Thank you!	labels:is this any kind of social work.
text:Yes it is. Just a way to help people.	labels:how many people did you handle per day.	episode_done:True
text:I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.\nI'm sorry to hear you lost your job and have worries about paying the bills.	labels:There is just too much pressure, but I have to succeed.
text:That is hard having so much pressure but I think you will be able to soon get employed again.	labels:I am trying.  I've started looking online for new positions but it is a process.
text:It sounds like you are trying really hard and that is worthy of praise.	labels:I just still am continually nervous and having a hard time coping.
text:Sometimes deep breaths help people calm down.  Have you tried that at all?	labels:I haven't but maybe that will help me stay calmer.
text:That can sometimes help you to regain your focus and be able to do more for yourself.	labels:That makes sense.
text:Also, job counselors may help at employment agencies to match you with potential employers. Have you tried any?	labels:I haven't but that may be helpful as well.
text:I sought out help from a recruiter online who helped me to find a job as well.  Have you heard of that option or tried it?	labels:That might help me to take the stress off myself and get someone to help in the search.
text:Yes, I see that you seemed to be more relieved finding out these options. Would you say these suggestions have been helpful?	labels:Yes, I'm starting to feel some of the pressure taken off me.
text:From what I've seen, people who can use some of these strategies like deep breathing and counseling they have felt some relief and could move forward better toward their goals.	labels:I feel a lot better.  Thanks for your support.
text:You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?	labels:I think that will be all.  Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there. How are you today?	labels:I feel so pressured.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Tell me more about what is making you feel pressured.	labels:I have to get straight A's to get into graduate school.  I'm worried I will fail. .
text:That sounds like a stressful situation so it is natural to feel anxious. Are there any coping mechanisms you have tried that have helped in the past?	labels:I tried studying a lot.
text:I know when I am in a stressful it helps to take an occasional break to do some deep breathing exercises and meditation. Have you tried any of these techniques?	labels:That sounds like it could help.  Maybe I could even try yoga.
text:Yes, that sounds like a great idea. I think yoga can be very beneficial in managing stress.	labels:Do you have any other suggestions for those busy days when I am non-stop?
text:I think it is important to remember to take care of yourself. That means eating right and exercising. I found from my own experience of going through a stressful situation that exercise was the best technique for managing stress.	labels:Maybe I can get my friends to go for an early morning walk before I start the pressures of the day.  That might work to help me stay calmer.
text:I understand that there are days where it feels non stop and it can be hard to find the time. Excercising early in the morning is a great idea because it gets you off to a good start to the day. I like the idea of including friends too. That can be a great motivator.	labels:Do you have any other suggestions on what could maybe make up for one or two "B" grades?  It's hard to be perfect, but these programs are demanding.
text:Indeed it is hard to be perfect and no one is. It sounds as though you are very hard on yourself. From a practical standpoint, you could try talking about your grades with your professors and have a discussion about how to improve your grades..	labels:Thank you.  That has helped in the past, so I think perhaps they could give me some guidance as well.
text:You're welcome. I know this is hard but you have got this.	labels:Thanks for the encouragement! You are a good counselor too.
text:Thank you. That is kind of you to say. I hope my suggestions help. Is there anything else you want to talk about?	labels:I think that is all that I have.  I feel a bunch better.
text:I am so glad to hear that.. I hope you have a great day.	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you doing? I am in bad mood.\nWhat's wrong?	labels:This work from home tension and cant go out with my family and parties. It makes me depressed and cant bear this pathedic situation.
text:I understand.  I, too, am struggling with COVID-19.  It's going to be difficult not to see family during the holidays.  We'll get through this, though, don't you think. Have you spent time trying to communicate with friends and family online or by messaging and telephone? Maybe there is a way to find ways to have fun online with your friends and family.  We actually played games together recently.  Is that something you could do to reconnect?	labels:I am fully occupied with my job. This software  field sucks me. Even weekends also they are expecting to work with offshore people. I dont find the time to spend with my partner and kids.
text:Is there any way you could talk to your supervisor about achieving a better work life balance?	labels:Yeah! Good Idea, I ll make a call with my Manager once. It could be better to have vacation for a week.
text:It sounds like that could make a big difference in changing things for you.  You just need a better work/life balance to straighten things out. I had a similar experience in the past, and talking with my manager about time off reinvigorated me.	labels:Exactly. Please suggest me any idea to spend my time with my family and away from this work pressure. Sounds good! I ll arrange a conversation with my head then.
text:With COVID-19, it may limit your options, but you could decide which activities you would collectively enjoy the most, and try to do them as often as possible together.	labels:Absolutely, then i ll help my family with household chores and make them free. Then we have some quality time to spend together!
text:Yes, giving them a helping hand, getting things done together, could greatly improve your home life. Are you feeling any better since we started chatting?	labels:yeah! Thank you so much! It is good to have a conversation with you! Now I am feeling better.
text:That's terrific to here.  I'm happy you're feeling better. hear* - sorry for the misspelling. :)	labels:Hah hah! It's Ok, We can Quit this conversation now! Thanks once again!! :-)	episode_done:True
text:How are you tonight?	labels:Hello, I've had trouble with depression all my life but it hasn't been so bad in the past few years. But lately, with the pandemic, I seem to be sinking lower and lower.
text:So it's been more difficult for you to remain cheerful since the plandemic?	labels:Well, I'm still taking my medication, but now, I seem to be anxious all the time.. I really haven't been anxious for over 20 years, but this year has made me a mess!
text:I actually have struggled with depression and anxiety most of my life so I can understand.	labels:It's great to talk to someone who actually knows what it feels like! I've had friends to tell me, "just snap out of it"
text:That doesn't sound helpful at all. I have found a few things I do to keep myself from being to worried and depressed. They help a lot.	labels:It isn't, but I guess it's because they don't really know what *depression* feels like. Really? What do you do? Maybe they could help me.
text:True, many people do not understand depression. I actually have found it easier to find a person who DOES understand and not talk to those who don't. When I talk to those who don't, it brings me down, so I find a good friend I can confide in. I can understand being discouraged to and not knowing who will understand you..	labels:Yes!! Talking to someone who doesn't know what it feels like REALLY makes me depressed! I'm wondering if it is the pandemic that is making me feel worse?
text:I find it important to take care of my physical being first: eat well, drink water, exercise, get fresh air. Don't wear the mask if you can help it. Seeing smiles helps.	labels:I haven't been exercising nearly as much since March. Maybe I need to start walking again..
text:I personally don't know anyone who has died and my nurse friends say it is no worse than the flu. So I try not to worry. What I think about is so critical. I try to pray about what I can't handle, then move on, change my thoughts. Walking is GREAT! This is a lovely time of year too!	labels:I have a friend who did get it and almost died. He is 40 and pretty healthy. His wife and daughter got it too. They just had flu-like symptoms, but he was in the hospital for 9 days. That was almost 3 months ago and he is still feeling the effects of it.
text:So to recap, find a good friend, get exercise, eat well, talk to people who will try to understand you.  And of course, pray.  The survival rate is 99.996% so the fact that you know no one who died is good news. I had flu like symptoms before this all happened and I still have a cough. They spray the skies too, so I try to not live in fear. There are a lot of consequences to fear, your heart beats faster, you stress yourself out, so it's important to not focus on negativity for too long.	labels:I like your idea of changing thoughts. That would help keep me from "going down the rabbit hole!" I had a bad cough and got tested several weeks ago just in case. But I didn't have it.
text:Here is a good saying -- if you want to change your feelings, change your thinking.  Feelings are like the tail on the dog, they follow thoughts. So keep your thoughts positive, cultivate an attitude of gratitude, even write a list of of things you are thankful for. .	labels:LOL! That's great!  I'll have to remember that "feelings are like the tail of the dog"!  That's a cheerful way of thinking about it!
text:I'm almost 60 and my husband is 66. We refuse to live in fear. These are difficult times, no doubt, but I believe if you take the time to pursue good healthy, you will be better for it, emotionally and mentally and physically. All around! Well, I hope I have encouraged you..	labels:Yes, I think walking, changing my thoughts, praying, and taking care of myself will really help. Yes! You've really helped me out. I just turned 64 and my husband is 69. He is really, really healthy because he takes care of himself so well.. He has a handicapped younger sister and he always wanted to be around to take care of her. So he has always taken care of himself! Thanks so much!	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you?	labels:hello\
text:How can I help?	labels:am affected by depression how can you help me.
text:let's start with a few questions if that's ok. how long have you been feeling depressed?	labels:2 months now.
text:It's Ok to feel like this and depression affects many people. I think reaching out is the best first step and I'm sure you can improve this issue.	labels:what am ii supposed to do in this situation.
text:have you spoken to any friends or family members about how you are feeling?	labels:yeah but there not helping about anything.
text:has anything changed recently in your life that you think might be contributing to this feeling of depression that you are having?	labels:yes i lost my job last month.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. my friend lost his job about 6 months ago and he was also feeling a similar way. I think this is to be expected when you have a sudden change in circumstances however this by no means undermines the seriousness of the issue.	labels:so i have joined groups i thing i will be better soon.
text:that's great to hear. it sounds like if you address the issue that has made you depressed in the first place this will go a long way to making you feel better about things.	labels:so how did you manage yours.
text:I haven't had this issue personally but a friend has. It is true that your job also forms an important part of your identity and when your job situation change is it have a big impact on your personal life and mental well-being.	labels:did he find the job he seeked and moved on with life without depression.
text:it took him awhile but once you found new job that he enjoyed the depression went away. there are some support groups out there for depression so if you need to talk to someone about that would likely help too.	labels:thanks a lot i you have really helped.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there how can be of help?	labels:I am suffering from low mood and general depression. I don't know what is causing it or how to get over it but it is getting excited down (obviously) and there doesn't appear to be any real reason behind it.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been feeling this way for a while now or is this a recent issue?	labels:I felt this way for a while actually isn't a recent change it's been building slowly over time.
text:Have you been feeling worse in terms of your depression over this time or has the intensity of your feelings stayed pretty much the same?	labels:I think I know what you mean. It's getting worse. I feel very down.
text:Ok so you have felt like this for a while and it is getting worse not better. The intensity of your feelings is getting stronger and you worry that this will continue to get worse.	labels:Yeah. I worry that I'll just keep feeling even more down and depressed. I'm really having a bad time and struggle to get out of bed to be honest.
text:Firstly, you are not alone in feeling this way. Many people struggle with depression and it's good that you have reached out for help for this.	labels:Any suggestions on what to do about it?
text:There are many reasons people have depression. It is a recognised medical condition and the good news is that there is help out there. The first step is recognising the problem.	labels:Ok well there is definitely a problem.
text:Have you spoken to friends and family about this? do they know how much you are struggling with it at the moment?	labels:not really I don't want to bother other people with my problems.
text:if people care about you then they will be happy to give you the time and listen to how you are feeling at the moment. I think it will be a really good move to speak to family or friends tell them how you are feeling and talk it through this might really help.	labels:Yeah maybe. I suppose nobody really understands but I could at least speak to them about it.
text:everyone has problems and it is good to talk about them because a problem shared is a problem halved. It doesn't mean the problems will go away but it might help you understand them and then be able to deal with them better.	labels:I don't want to feel like this anymore. I'm willing to at least give it a go.
text:I also think that it will be worse to get in touch with your doctor or a medical professional. these people are trained to deal with problems like yours and will be able to offer effective Solutions from a medical perspective.	labels:I haven't spoken to a doctor about this before to be clear I don't want any medication.
text:are you worried that speaking to a doctor will lead to you being given medication, and you don't want this?	labels:yes that's right I don't want to take any pills or anything like that.
text:I know that some forms of depression are caused by an imbalance of chemicals in the brain and medication in these cases can help. Also psychologists can support with mental health which means that this would not be a rude day involves any medication at all potentially.	labels:what do you mean be a rude day.
text:apologies this was a typo by autocorrect. I meant to say that this would not be a route that involves any medication at all potentially.	labels:ok thanks for explaining. I think I'll speak to my sister about this. if this doesn't help I'll look into making an appointment with the psychologist maybe.
text:That's great. I think the first step is always the hardest but you come across as someone that is willing to seek help and I believe that if you face into this you can overcome it witht he right support.	labels:Thanks for that.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.\nHey, how are you?	labels:I am pretty depressed and stressed out.
text:Maybe I can be of assistance? What is troubling you?.	labels:I overspent and now feel gulity and I have no idea  how I can pay my credit cards off. I just saw sale and couldn't pass it up now I am overwhelmed.
text:I see, maybe we can find a solution?	labels:sure thats why I m talking  to you . so what do you recommend.
text:Is it important as in do you really need it, if not. Can you return it?	labels:No I got on sale on line . no returns.
text:I see, so you have to pay it. I suggest making a plan of action, trying to pay at least the minimal balance, and try work out a saving plan to pay it off..	labels:Yes I realize that but I have no job. I have minimal balance in a week of 100.
text:Okay, can you reduce any expenses? Maybe a subscription?	labels:I don't have a job and husband pays all the bills and subscriptions.  We live paycheck to paycheck and he said this is my fault i pay. this would be fine if i had an income and had money that i could do that but I told you before I don't have a job so that doesn't help me.
text:If you have more free time, you can spend it on Amazon Mturk? It is a good way to earn extra money.	labels:That sounds interesting.  How do I make money.
text:Aren't you an Amazon Mturk worker?.	labels:Yes thats how I m doing this survey but not sure if we are supposed to talk about it. I think you are supposed to chat to me as a stranger coming to you for help.
text:Oh I see, I was only suggesting an avenue that can help you pay off you debt. I can reword it.	labels:ok go ahead.
text:Maybe you can find work online doing surveys or freelance work..	labels:That sounds great . I will do more research. Thank you . I feel a litttle better.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there how can I help you today?	labels:I have been in a relationship for just over two years. At the start it was fun and we got along great. I think we have little in common these days and I don't feel the same way I used to. I don;t want to hurt her feelings but I'm thinking about ending the relationship.
text:Have you been feeling this way for a while or is it a surprise change?	labels:I have felt like this for a while now but I'm thinking about if more nowadays. It doesn't feel right and I don't know who to handle it.
text:So you have felt for a while that things aren't right in your relationship and you don't know how to end the relationship without hurting your girlfriend's feelings?	labels:That's correct yes. I worry that she will be very upset and the thought of her in distress does concern me. It might be easier to stay together but I don't think that's the right thing to do.
text:I can tell that you are a nice person that cares for your girlfriend and you want the best for her. I think you want to be honest with her which is a good sign of maturity and integrity.	labels:Thanks for that. I do care for her which is why I don't want to upset her.
text:Unfortunately this may be upsetting in the short term. I had a friend who had a similar issue. He wanted to end things with his girlfriend and they ended up having an honest conversation, which was upsetting at the time but they are still friends to this day and parted on good terms.	labels:It is good that it is possible to do this and still become friends afterwards. I do worry about how this would go and am fearful that she will react badly. How would you go about it?
text:I think the best thing to do would just be honest about your feelings and start the conversation with her. I think you could also consider when is the right time to do this so that you minimise the affect that this may have on her.	labels:I'm not sure what you mean by the right time. Is there ever a right time to do this?
text:People who have a negative experience at a key point in their lives, such as a birthday of Christmas, tend to remember that bad experience the following year. I mean choose an appropriate time to have the discussion.	labels:Ok I get it. Don't dump her on her birthday LOL. So I should just start the talk then, may be one evening?
text:Yes when she is available to have a good talk about this. Do you have my friends that you can talk to about this?	labels:I do have some friends that know how I am feeling yes. Maybe they can help me come up with a plan off what to say.
text:I think it's best to be honest and if it comes from the heart then you can at least say you have been honest with yourself and your girlfriend.	labels:I think this is going to be hard but thanks for the suggestions.
text:I think you can do this and have confidence that you will do it in the right way. These things are not easy but I know you can ride to the challenge and do this tactfully and with care.	labels:Thanks for the kind words. I'll give this a try.
text:You are very welcome.	labels:Ok bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Is anyone there?\nHi there.	labels:Hi I thought you were not going to show. my anxiety level just increased while I was waiting for you.
text:Apologies,I have had issues with my connection which should now be resolved. How can I help you today.	labels:I am having a panic attack . I have to come up with 100 by next week to meet my minimum charge. on my credit card.
text:So you need to find 100, have limited time to do this and this is causing you anxiety as a result?	labels:yes it sure is.
text:Ok, I can tell you are really worried about this and want to find a way to remove the pressure from this situation.	labels:yes any suggestions.
text:Do you have any friends or family that you can speak to about this? If they were aware of this issue and how much it is affecting you, they may be able to support.	labels:They are swamped with their own bills and we live pay check to pay check.
text:Have you tried contacting the credit card company and explaining your situation?	labels:No I haven't but if i don't pay minimum I will get 24% interest penalty.
text:that seems excessive. I had a similar situation happened myself once and what I did was transfer the balance of one of my cards onto another.	labels:It is the truth thats why I try to pay off in full but there was such a great deal. but thats a great idea and would give me a little extra time. Thank you . I think Ill go google credit card offers.
text:do you think the credit card company has acted irresponsibly?	labels:no I knew the terms when I signed up a year ago.
text:even so you may be able to refer this situation for review to a financial regulator.	labels:I like your idea of transferring to lower interest one.
text:You can review your rights online as a consumer to see if you are offered any protection under law or legislation.	labels:okay Ill go check it out. thank you.
text:I'm confident that you can handle this and have every faith that you will reach a resolution.	labels:thank you . Keep safe and have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you?	labels:At the moment, good. I need help! These people.....I don't understand....
text:I hear that they don't understand, can you explain further. Can you tell me more?	labels:My co-workers feel that this whole pandemic thing is a government conspiracy to lessen the overpopulation in this world. It really hurts me cause I have people who have passed due to this. THIS IS REAL!!
text:There are a lot of people who are struggling and it is clearly a very upsetting time for you.. Have you considered whether your colleagues are simply hiding their worry? Have you tried talking to them?	labels:Yet it is upsetting and I worry for them.
text:That is extremely compassionate of you..	labels:I tried talking to them. I tried to reason with them. They feel that life is life. No it is not. Now I respect their positions in life, but since we work together, we have to protect other feelings as well..
text:There is a lot of concern about, are your work following guidelines?	labels:I am very anxious cause I need to run to the bathroom and breath. Work guidelines we are following. I want the anxiety to stop.
text:I am also in this situation at work, I have used breathing methods to calm myself down which worked, have you tried anything like this?	labels:It is simple, put on mask and work, when you get out of the office then do what you want. I am anxious now and using a breathing exercise as I type.
text:So you are frustrated because others are not using masks, have I got that right?	labels:It's not that they are not using masks, it is their position and reasons not to wear the masks and that puts others in a scary and anxious position at their workplace where in these times, work is scare. What is your point of view on masks?
text:Just from talking to you, I can feel how anxious you are and this is made worse by your colleagues, perhaps they are struggling in different ways with this.	labels:Yes they are....we need to make things different for everyone in the workplace but not on peoples health.
text:There are guidelines on how work places should be handling the COVID issue. Has your manager gone through any guidelines with the team?	labels:Yes he has and is going to go over it on Monday with all of us and we should come to an agreement.
text:That seems like a really good time to go through how you feel. Writing how you feel down can help to ensure that you get your feelings across. Do you think that is something you could do?	labels:Yes, this is something I can do. You have been a great help listening to my issues.
text:I am glad this is something that can work for you, it is something that could help in different ways..	labels:That is correct.
text:Do you have any other worries at this time or want to explore this any further?	labels:Not at this time.
text:It has been lovely talking to you.	labels:same here, now how do you get out of this....
text:I believe you press quit.	labels:ok.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how can I help you today?	labels:My friend has been quiet and non responsive for some time and I'm starting to worry about them. This is a pretty recent thing, ever since lockdown.
text:Is this a close friend of yours that you would normally speak to every day or see on a regular basis?	labels:Yes that's correct, however with lockdown I haven't seen any friends for a long time face to face.
text:Ok so you have are close friend, who you used to engage with regularly and now you are worried because when you try and contact them, they aren't responding.	labels:Yes that's the issue. I think lockdown is affecting people in many ways and I want to make sure they are OK.
text:I can tell that you feel a lot for your friend and it shows that you care about lot about them.	labels:Yes I do. Now what should I do about them as other friends in our peer group are also concerned?
text:Ok, I understand. Have you tried reaching out to their family members as they may have a loser handle on how this person is feeling at the moment?	labels:I actually haven't. I'm not that close to their family to be honest so I'm not quite sure how to do that?
text:You could try reaching out to friends on Facebook or social media, you can find contact details for them that way and perhaps send them a direct message. You are a concerned friend which means they probably wouldn't mind if you did get in touch.	labels:I didn't think about contacting family that way. That's a good suggestion..
text:I had a friend once that was acting out of character. They weren't quiet but I could tell them here was something different in the way they were acting etc. It turns out that they had started a new relationship with another friend of mine and didn't want anyone else to know. In reality everything was fine. There was an explainable reason behind the behaviour and it was nothing bad in the end.	labels:Perhaps I am worried about nothing and your experience does make sense. I may be reading too much into these things but you read about people's mental health being affected by COVID isolation these days.
text:That is true. Mental health issues have increased  significantly since lockdowns began. As they are not responding to your attempts to get in touch, you could think has anything else changed for them other than lockdown, for example are they busier at work? have childcare commitments? Life is complicated, they may not have the time for legitimate reasons.	labels:That is true. I think they are probably very busy at the moment but as they are typically so outgoing it did strike me as odd. What else would you suggest?
text:You mentioned that other friends were also concerned about them, have you tried talking to them about setting up a video call with a group. This might appeal to your friend and they may see this as a fun activity to get involved in.	labels:I think I'll give that a try. Maybe they don't have time but a fun relaxing group chat might be the way forward. Thanks for this suggestion. I'll give this a go.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how can I help you?	labels:Hi, is someone there? I need some help. I'm feeling really bad.
text:What's the problem?	labels:My company just laid off 10% of the workforce and furloughed another 10%. I'm worried I'm going to be in the next round.
text:Why do you think you are the next round? Do you know how did they choose them?	labels:Just based on their tenure and job experience. I'm around the same level.
text:I know, this year was stressful for everyone in our planet, so you are not alone. What's the worst scenario do you think will happen?	labels:I know, but I am the only one in the family making money and we need this job. My wife was laid off earlier this year. If I'm laid off, we can't afford our home. We are already dipping into savings because my wife lost her job.
text:Did you try searching for new jobs?	labels:I tried and had a couple of interviews but the response was pretty much "you're too experienced" or "we have cheaper applicants than you". Obviously not that direct but reading between the lines you know?
text:Hmmmm, First of all stop being panicked, You still have your job.	labels:I guess so. I can't help feeling a sense of dread though like I'm next.
text:The good thing is you anticipate losing your job, so you have the advantage here.	labels:How so?
text:You can prepare yourself for that! yes, as simple as this. Search for new jobs, get help from your wife and friends.	labels:What kind of help?
text:Search locally and online, If you try enough you will see the results soon.	labels:I've been searching for the past month. It's just been so hard trying to break through to an interview.
text:Help in searching for jobs and supporting you emotionally.	labels:It's been frustrating. I've sent out 50 resumes and got 3 interviews.
text:Let me be straight ok? you somehow don't have any other options but searching. You can do it! who knows! maybe you will get a better job.	labels:Do you have any tips? It just seems I can't find a thng. thing.
text:Look at this situation as an opportunity, you still have your job and you can search for even a better job.	labels:Yes, that's what I've been trying to do. I just can't find anything. Or get my foot in the door anywhere.
text:Don't get disappointed, put effort, seek new methods for searching, research online.	labels:Do you know any new methods for searching?
text:Ask around locally, maybe there is an organization locally for support in this pandemic situation.	labels:Yeah that's been a problem. With cuts in the budget my local resource center is closed down. Anyway I know you tried your best. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:I'm not feeling great. I applied for a job recently which took a lot of time. I now have an interview and it's in 3 days. I'm getting really nervous about this because I think I need longer to prepare.
text:I know how you feel, I have often felt anxiety before a job interview.. What makes you feel that you are unprepared?	labels:The thing is I'm really good at interviews but usually it takes time to prepare. It's a corporate interview so I need to prepare behavioural answers to certain scenarios. In the past this has taken me a week to learn and record to memory.
text:Is it possible that you could get a friend or family member to work with you on your responses? That could possibly speed up your preparation time.	labels:Yes perhaps. I need to draw on previous experience so I think I'll need to prepare. I'm just so busy at work these days I just don;t think I'll have the time.
text:I can see that you are feeling a large amount of stress about the situation. Would it be possible to take one or more days off from work to give yourself more time?	labels:Yes this is very stressful. Have you ever had a similar experience and if so how did you handle it? Potentially but this is very short notice, usually I have to provide more notice for leave from work.
text:Yes, I have had to deal with time pressures quite a few times. I am sure most people have in the modern era where everything moves so fast. I have usually gotten help from friends, or done my best to delay or remove other commitments from my life. As a last resort, I have sometimes had to accept that I would be getting less sleep than usual for a few days.. Are there any other commitments that you can possibly delay or remove from your life while you prepare for your job interview?	labels:Perhaps I can ask if I can finish early from work for the next couple of days and get some time that way. I do think however I'll be more nervous due to less time to prepare. The thing is I'd delay the interview but this might affect my chances. I suppose I could ask my partner to look after the childcare for the next couple of days.
text:That seems like a good idea, unless that will be likely to cause you other problems. You seem like a hard working, diligent type of person that can make this work if you make the effort.	labels:Tanks , I think I need to stay positive about this. Not sure how to handle my interview nerves however?
text:Well, everyone handles stressful situations differently, but there are some things you can do or try that might help. If you prepare as much as possible in the time that you have, you can be confident that you have done your best, and that is all that matters. You can decide that while you would like to get this new job, the world will not end if you don't get it, and you will worry less and have less stress. Also there is the classic technique of picturing your interviewer in their underwear. It makes them seem less imposing, and you can feel more confident. Do you think any of these ideas might help?	labels:There are actually some great suggestions there. The naked idea is a classic and it did make me smile. I think I am aiming for perfection when I think I should try and relax and just give it my best shot. That does help actually!
text:Be confident in your abilities. You are the right person for the job, and if the interviewer does not see that, it is their failing, not yours. You will do great.	labels:Thanks for that. I think the key to this is confidence so I'll go with it. Feeling more relaxed about it all now,
text:Excellent. I am very happy to hear that. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:No that's great. Thanks from your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling?	labels:im good. how are you? just dealing with this guy.
text:So, you are having trouble dealing with someone?	labels:yes and no. i agreed to work with him on the board when he asked me. he said he trusts me.
text:If he says he trusts you I am sure that he does. He would not have asked you to work with him if he did not..	labels:very true. not sure if he just likes me as as friend or if he wants me back. we dated then he broke up. then he asked me out again and didn't see me cuz he was busy. now he's asking me to be on the board with him. not sure if he has other motives to try to get back with me.
text:That must be incredibly confusing for you. How does this make you feel overall?	labels:confused! i'll know sooner or later what he wants. thing is i was hanging out with his friends recently who had wanted to sleep with me. he knew it and didn't like it. he liked it when i stopped talking to them.
text:How does this relate to him asking you to be on the board with him?.	labels:cuz the first time he asked me out i was helping him with the board. i think it might be a way for him to spend time with me and then work his way back in. not sure if he will or not though. time will tell.
text:It is okay to feel confused and perhaps even angry about this. Have you considered talking to him and asking him straight out what his intentions are?.	labels:yes but i'm afraid what i'll hear.
text:I realise that this must be difficult but isn't it best to get things out into the open?.	labels:it is but hes already hurt me before. i feel i'll find out sooner or later anyways. that way i can save face.
text:I think it might be best for you to make a clean break. It sounds like you are being manipulated..	labels:possibly. i'd prob be better being away from the situation.
text:Certainly you would be. I know that it is hard but you will feel better in the long run..	labels:I think I would. I tried to break away once but they asked me to come back. i feel there are benefits to it also.
text:You need to be aware that that can and will happen. Ignore it. What sort of benefits do you feel that there are?	labels:it gives me an upper edge and more clout.
text:In what way does it do that?.	labels:being on the board gives me perks.
text:Do you feel that perhaps you might be using him just a little bit?.	labels:yes and i think he is using me to a degree also.
text:Let me get this straight - you do have feelings for him but you are confused and you think that there's an element of mutual manipulation.	labels:yes.
text:You are definitely not the only person to feel this way!.	labels:it's a difficult situation. i think it will become clearer the deeper i get into it. thing is he is the head of the board and holds the power. what it comes down to is im wondering if he has feelings for me.
text:I feel that you are paying too much attention to your position on the board..	labels:i feel it gives me an advantage i want at the moment.
text:But that is rather manipulative of you..	labels:if you were me you would forget about him and the board.
text:Yes I definitely would do that..	labels:thing is he is encouraging me to be like that. cuz it helps him too. okay. i'll try to lay low and walk away from it.
text:I think it's time for a clear severance. Do you have any other people you are interested in? Any hobbies?.	labels:yes but it's less than before cuz of Covid lockdowns. so it makes me more susceptible to this- if that makes sense.
text:Ah I hear you. You feel that your options are rather more limited than previously because of the lockdown?.	labels:yes.
text:That is something I believe that most of us are feeling right now so I sympathise..	labels:true. i just have to be strong about it with him. even if he likes me i don't think it's a healthy relationship. i slept with one of his friends and the other one wanted to sleep with me too.
text:I can tell that you really have deep reservations and know deep down that this is not a healthy place for you to be. Is he aware that this happened?.	labels:yes when it comes down to it. he suspected it happened. his friend asked the one i slept with if it was true. he denied it. so i think he suspected it.
text:Do you feel guilty about this?.	labels:now that im talking to him i do a little. it felt good at the time like i was getting back at him. you can tell this is a very twisted situation.
text:Do you feel that you want to get revenge on him?.	labels:not really. i just felt that if he stayed with me i wouldn't have slept with his friend and almost did with his other one.
text:I am not sure what to say that will help your problem and give you closure.	labels:thank ya for listening. i think it'll clarify itself in time.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there. How are you doing today?	labels:I'm  good. Getting cold outside. Temp dropping over 20 degrees. Brr.
text:Yes, I know! It's supposed to snow this week where I am.  So, I understand you are in need of someone to talk to. What's going on.	labels:Oh no, I hate driving in the snow. Spun out one year- rather not drive in snow- at least when it's icy. My interest rate hit another credit card. Have to pay $80 more a month now. Hoping to find more work so I can pay it off faster.
text:Ah, so if I understand you correctly, your interest rate has increased, so you need to find another job to pay it off?	labels:yeah cuz it was a no interest rate card and that expired so it started charging interest. I knew it was coming but need to work more hours now. The interest I pay every month will go down as I pay more of the principal off. I just hate it.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Are you feeling stressed out about it?	labels:Yes and no. Cuz I know I will pay it off within 3 years at the most. Probably closer to two years. I just don't like to wait and want to pay it off sooner if possible.
text:I understand exactly how you feel. When I finished school, I wanted to pay off my student loans as soon as possible. I'm glad to hear that you are not too stressed about it though.	labels:Yeah it's easier said than done. Btw I heard Biden might forgive student loans! Yay! Yeah cuz it bought a lot of items I needed so I'm happy I got them.
text:I heard about Biden's plans as well! Luckily, I paid all of my debts already but I think it will be great for other people. Perhaps if you are unable to find another job to reduce the principal, you could try setting aside a certain amount of money each month to put towards the amount owed?	labels:maybe they will reimburse you on what you paid. I could if i really discipline myself to.
text:It's just a thought. Alternatively, I'm not sure if you typically get money for birthdays and the winter holidays, but you could commit some of that amount towards your principal amount.	labels:I get some but I spend the money on myself- like chocolate! itll prob take me 2-3 years to pay it off. if i go too much into discrectionary money i feel deprived.
text:I understand that also. There needs to be some sort of balance. However, it sounds like you are a smart person and will make sure to pay off the amount responsibly. Everything will be okay!	labels:absolutely. the time will go by fast enough and it will be paid off. ill make sure not to run the credit  cards so high next time.
text:Sounds like you've learned an important lesson from this, and will work towards responsibly paying it off. I have faith in you!	labels:thank ya! I think I'm fairly responsible. I like to have nice things and my credit card bill proves it lol.
text:Just find the right balance between pleasure and responsibility and you will be just fine! Are you feeling a bit better now after chatting?	labels:yes very much so. thank ya! Have a great evening! Bye.	episode_done:True
text:My friend thinks we should still be friends but her drug addict boyfriend has already borrowed money from myself and others too many times and has stolen from other people.\nLet me see if I understand you correctly, you no longer want to be friends because her boyfriend is a drug addict and a thief?	labels:Yes, I can still care about her but I cannot be a part of her life if this is what she wants.
text:i can understand and i have had to do the same thing. .	labels:Am I wrong? Sometimes I'm confused by what I'm seeing. Other times, like now, I feel confident in my decision. I guess I never thought I would see her end up with this kind of situation. Hello?
text:I think you have to do what keeps you safe  and healthy.  you can tell her you are here for her, but that you will not watch her destroy her life/	labels:I thought the same thing. I've had family members who were alcoholics and it was almost the same thing. I bailed them out till I saw it wasn't going to make a world of difference..
text:so your plan is to keep your distance, your friend will eventually see him for who he is.	labels:How do I deal with the sadness of all this?
text:I would suggest joining  a group like Al-Anon.  It will be goof for you to talk to others in this situation.	labels:Maybe so. I know I talk to family about it and they don't think it's that big of a deal.
text:It is difficult for others to understand unless they are in the situation. .	labels:Yes, I guess it is not easy for them to understand. But she's been my friend for so many years, I just don't get it. What was that group Al-Anon?
text:I mean Non-Anon  -it is a 12 step program for loved ones of addicts. Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:I'll have to look into it..
text:okay.	labels:No, I think that's all I needed,maybe just talking about it put things into perspective.
text:Great, it was nice talking to you.	labels:Nice talking to you too.
text:Bye.	labels:Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHey, how are you today?	labels:I am well, thanks for asking. I am doing some studying and taking a break now. Just to talk about some of the feelings, thoughts, and stresses. The big thing on my mind now is the pandemic. And it's the start of the second wave in my city.
text:I completely understand what you are going though, indeed it is tough times.	labels:yeah it sure has been since March this year for my city.
text:So tell me, what are you going through your mind regarding the pandemic and the second wave?	labels:There's kind of a lag as I am on the East Coast. So the cases didn't really show up for the second wave until this month, only sporadically last month. But we were doing now until about two to three weeks ago. well fear, anxiety. worries, and also anger that people are being foolish and complacent, especially the youth groups that go to gyms and restaurants a lot, or to gatherings. even in my apartment people on my floor walk back and forth frequently to go out, for what, I don't know and it just boggles on my mind.
text:Yes I understand, I'm from the east coast and I'm deeply concern about the raising cases and the lockdown..	labels:I get that there's a fatigue but I was there and I had that fatigue and I got over that a few months ago late summer when I tried to reason myself that it was safe to go out when there weren't any cases then, as the first wave was gone from my city. I see. Yeah I feel you definitely. like people are becoming impatient but this is not the right time to be. If I can overcome that initial impatience, others should also. If they have no right reason to be out except for work and personal business, then I don't think they should be doing that too much.
text:I think those who are aware of the situation should follow the rules and be aware. We really can't change the situation because it human nature..	labels:it is. And that's sad but true. It's in our nature, as you say. It's in our nature to destroy and to consume, etc. unfortunate but I can only cope by doing what I feel is right, and continue to do so. and not compromise my values along with others.
text:However, we shouldn't let it affect us physically, spiritually and most importantly mentally. We need stay relax and be aware of whats going on and believe that by following the rules we are doing our part in reducing the speard.	labels:yes I agree also. It's hard though and it was getting to me even more middle of this year. I was more affected and more emotional. So I do see that I am getting used to it, though how long is uncertain, as the cases rise again. So hopefully I can stay well mentally.
text:Every night, I give myself an hour to unwind and relax. Things like, enjoying a movie, snack, drink or even favorite candle helps a lot.	labels:and yeah, that's the best we can do for now, as you say, is follow the rules and science, and do our part. ignore the naysayers and compromisers. that's really good. the relaxation technique, I mean.
text:Exactly, keep calm and relax. Avoid any negative vibes. Aim is to distress yourself..	labels:yeah I take time every now and then off from my studies, but my schedules are not set or consistent, and I procrastinate a lot. So that when I fall behind on a typical day, I try to catch up and end up not having enough time to even work out at home, or feel tired and sleepy, when I should have finished with my academic work early in the day. yeah that's good advice. I will keep trying to tune out and filter the negativity and daily news.
text:I'm on the same boat. Build yourself a well structure schedule and aim to follow it. Trust me if accomplish 90% of it, that one hour me time will feel even better..	labels:so yeah, just aimless and procrastinate often, and need more self-imposed structure, discipline, maturity, organization, time-management, etc. yeah good idea. like I am only lately gaining ground and staying on track so I am improving on this. yeah I should be like that too, something like having an hour to look forward to towards the end as a reward of some sort.
text:Any improvement is still improvement!	labels:true. My courses are nearly finished anyhow by the end of december. So after that, I will revamp my style in the new year and start anew. Anyhow that's all for now. I think you have provided some very valuable advice. And I will keep those in my mind on a daily basis.
text:No problem! Don't stress and just work on improving yourself!	labels:will do. I will get through this and good luck to you also. Stay well and safe and thank you so much for your support!	episode_done:True
text:I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore.\nThat must be hard to not be with friends so much. Being social is human.	labels:I miss them so much, but don't know how to connect.
text:Have you tried calling them to express your concerns?	labels:I did but they want to meet in person and I just can't.
text:It sounds like you are trying.  Have you expressed to them why you feel the way you do?	labels:I've tried to but I don't think they take the COVID seriously.
text:That can be hard when there are different viewpoints on such a big issue.	labels:It sure is.  Do you have any suggestions?
text:Do you think that having a friend intervene and having a third party help out could help?	labels:That could possibly work.  My friend is so much more receptive to my other friend in hearing her out.  Maybe she could assist.
text:That sounds like a great idea. It sounds like you are thinking of alternate paths to work through the friendship.  Your friend will appreciate all the efforts you are making to show you care.	labels:Yes, I'm trying my best.
text:Do you think your friends would like a card?	labels:I think that might show I care too and be helpful.
text:My mother-in-law often sends cards for each holiday because she can't leave her home due to illness.  I know deep down she cares even though she is not in person.	labels:You make a good point.
text:Sometimes patience can make the difference in a relationship.  Do you feel like you have any other concerns?	labels:I think I'm starting to feel better about the situation and trying to be more positive.
text:I'm happy to hear that.  Keep positive as you are trying hard to go down the right path and your friends will appreciate that.	labels:Thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Anyone there?\nhello! it's nice to meet you.	labels:Thank you you too.
text:What would you like to talk about today?	labels:How I can feel less ashamed. My house is so disorganized I won’t let anyone co e over.
text:What is making you feel ashamed?	labels:Every single room is disarrayed.
text:it seems that you feel ashamed because you are feeling messy? is this correct?	labels:Yes.
text:When did this begin?	labels:Sorry. It started about ten years ago. I had emergency restroom call. I have moved into this house almost ten years ago. At first it was great everything was fine since it was new house but after we got settled it went down hill from that.
text:What do you feel like brought you into this situation?	labels:What is sad is now I really don’t care anymore. I know I left to use restroom. But are you still there.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, How are you doing today?	labels:I am angry today.
text:Would you like to go into the reasons for why you are angry?	labels:I guess. I have a friend that is being really annoying and dismissive. I feel like they're not being a good friend.
text:Do they act this way often?	labels:Not really, we were talking recently and she just didn't really want to hear my opinion and talked over me. Normally she's pretty good at listening.
text:Well, everyone, including yourself, is entitled to an off day. Maybe something is going on with her she doesnt want to share. Or possibly even she is trying to share but doesnt know how.	labels:I guess that could be the case. What should I do then?
text:Perhaps try to reach out and see if anything is wrong.	labels:So I should just ask her if something is going on?
text:I would remember though, its ok for people to want to be left alone though if things are bad, sometimes they just need their space.	labels:Ok, that makes sense, I can get like that. What if something isn't wrong though?
text:I would just say something along the lines of: Hey, youre not acting like yourself today, anything you want to talk about? I would see if there is anything you can do to help, if not just try and be as supportive as you can.	labels:Ok, that sounds like a good plan. I'm just a little worried that it won't work because she was acting really rude. So I feel like I don't really want to talk to her right now.
text:Well, youre own health and well being does come first. If you feel it wont get anywhere, give her some space and come back to it at another date if you think you both would be comfortable with it.	labels:Okay. I think that sounds good. I'll give myself and hopefully her some time to calm down and then maybe ask if she want's to talk?
text:That sounds like a solid plan.	labels:Thank you for helping! I feel a lot less upset and like I have an actual plan. You really helped me see that something could be going on with her that made her act so rude.
text:I am glad i could help! Yeah, everyone including me, forgets that each individual has their own sets of things going on each day. Always good to look at it through their eyes a bit.	labels:Yeah, I think it's hard to do that when you're upset too.	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me?\nsure, what seems to be the problem.	labels:I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID.
text:I had the same issue with my friends as well.	labels:Really?  What happened?
text:We stopped getting together and going out places cause they were all closed.	labels:Yes, that happened here.  But they still wanted to come over despite government orders limiting gatherings.
text:We now have weekly video call meetings instead, it helps us stay connected.	labels:That sounds like a good idea.  Is it hard to do?
text:Not at all, we use a program called Skype, that's free. You can use it on your phone or PC.	labels:My friends want to go out all the time.  How can we connect during a Skype?
text:Pick a time you'll both be available, and you'll both need the program. It's quite easy to use and there will be youtube videos that'll help you set it up, should you need it.	labels:Do you do any activities together over Skype?
text:We usually just chat about our week or get advice on normal things, sometimes we'll play a drinking game and be goofy together..	labels:Are there other games people can play together on Skype because I don't drink?
text:Drinking isn't a requirement, usually we'll just chat if we don't feel like drinking.	labels:I just want to connect and please my friends but it is hard to not have any physical contact and only be online.
text:I can understand that and it's definitely frustrating. But it'll be so much better once you can see other other again, cause absence makes the heart grow fonder.	labels:Wow, I didn't think of it that way.  That puts a positive twist on it.
text:Yes, I always like to look for the positive in any given situation.	labels:Thanks for your help.  I feel a lot better.	episode_done:True
text:hi there.\nHello, how are you?	labels:I'm surviving. Today is better than yesterday was.
text:That's good. What is bothering you?	labels:I've been out of work since Covid closed down the live event industry in March. the unemployment system still hasn't processed any of my claims, and I have been surviving off of what I can make driving for doordash, which hasn't been a lot.
text:That is rough. The unemployment system has been very slow during COVID, so I completely understand your frustration and worry. I am glad to hear that you are doing door dash, even if you aren't making a lot that is still something!	labels:ugh, yeah... I drive a really old beat up car though, so I can't really go out after dark, and I'm worried I'm driving it too much and it's going to break down. I wish mturk paid more, or one of the jobs I've applied for would hire me to do something form home.
text:I completely understand. I also wish mturk paid more, I feel like it takes a lot of time for not that much money. Do you have a roommate, friend, or family member's car you could possibly borrow instead of using your own?	labels:No, I live with housemates but they all don't drive.
text:I understand.. Are you still looking for and applying for jobs?	labels:im sorry im late. I am still applying, but only for what I can do from home, and I worry i am underqualified. are you still there?
text:Yes I am still here. When I started working from home I did a lot of research on different types of jobs that I could do from home. There are a lot of work options that are not necessarily well known, in my opinion, for online work.	labels:Before this my work was primarily in concert audio, with a side hustle of carpentry. I've been playing with these survey sites, and applying for a lot of call center jobs that don't seem interested in me. If you have any suggestions I'm open to them!
text:If you worked in audio I know that some places, like Upwork and ACX (which does some audiobook work) are looking for audio editing. I am sure that other places are looking for audio editing. I think Fiverr may also be a good place to advertise audio work. I also have an Etsy and Ebay shop, you could possibly sell some of your carpentry work on there if that is possible. Ebay is free to list and Etsy has a small listing fee.	labels:okay, well thanks for chatting with me and helping me earn the bonus for this task!	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am very sad. I am more depressed than ever.\nWould you care to elaborate about what you're feeling sad about?	labels:I recently broke up with my girlfriend.
text:I am sorry to hear that, that sounds difficult.	labels:its been very hard on me. I've spent the last few years wit her.
text:How have you been coping? That can be really hard, have you been able to talk to anyone about it?	labels:i've been trying to talk to family. mainly my mom. and brother.
text:Do you find that to be helpful?	labels:yes. family is always there for me. its only hard because I've been with my gf for so long. and we've spent so much time during quarantine together.
text:That's good, it's great to have a good support system.. I can imagine that's difficult, that would be a lot of close time together.. Have you been able to socialize with friends or colleagues?	labels:i try to keep my personal life away from my coworkers. i've talked to a few friends. i'm actually going out tonight to meet some up for happy hour.
text:That's understandable about the coworkers. Going out sounds like would be beneficial, just to at least spend some time with people who care about you.	labels:yea its going to take my mind off of things.
text:Have you been able to engage in any other activities that help you cope/take your mid=nd off things?	labels:i've gone for long runs and swims. well i'm going to go get ready. thank you for all your time and advice.
text:Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:if you were in my shoes, what would you do if you broke up with a serious gf/bf.
text:I would lean on my friends, family, and others for support such as a therapist (they're good for unbiased talking), I would also focus on hobbies and things that make me feel better. Most importantly be kind to yourself and allow your self to grieve..	labels:thats great advice. how long should i wait before i move onto the next potential girlfriend?
text:That would be up to you, there's no timeline it's when you feel most comforable.	labels:thats true. i am getting old.
text:There's no timeline on being able to date.	labels:yea, my brother and sister whom are both younger than me , are already married with kids. i feel bad because I'm the oldest one and without a family.
text:Everyone has their own timeline, some of my friends have married in their late 40s and older.	labels:yea, thats what my family is telling me. to not rush into thigns.
text:You have to do what's right for you.	labels:well tahnk you for your time. take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing.	labels:Good evening. I am so ready for bed. Is it bedtime yet.
text:Depending on where you are, it might be. May i ask why you are so tired?	labels:I m in pa its 417pm and all I ever want to do is sleep. anyone there.
text:Hello i am sorry for the delay. Is there anything going on to make you so tired?	labels:No just tired all the time .  Doesn't matter how much sleep I get.
text:Have you gone to a doctor yet and asked for more information about this?	labels:I have been diagnosed with major clinical depression over 20years ago.
text:Oh i am sorry to hear that, are you doing anything now as treatment?	labels:I am under no treatment. I had over 20 medicines over the year and nothing helped .
text:Have you tried just talking to a therapist?	labels:years ago but nothing. now because my husband doesn't allow it or think it will help.
text:Sometimes it can be as simple as not connecting with the right therapist. They are there to support you and if you dont feel the connection its ok to move on to another. Maybe its time to look again? Well, your husband does not control you. You are in control of yourself. It is not his mind and body its set to help. Its yours.	labels:true but he s got me under his control long story.
text:I think that might be an issue you need to deal with first. That is not an ok situation to be in.	labels:yes i know.  and you are right but like i said its a long story.
text:There are many organizations that can help you get out of an abusive relationship.	labels:true. I m going to go lay down now. Thanks for your information.
text:I really hope that you try to reach out to someone for help. Do not let him control your life. I hope you can get some rest.	labels:Thanks for trying . It s more than one 15 min conversation can do when it took years to get this way.
text:Oh i know, thats why you need to branch out and find professionals. I know you can..	labels:Keep safe and thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you today?	labels:I'm driving myself crazy worrying about school.
text:I'm sorry to hear that school is so stressful.	labels:I can't sleep at night worrying about my upcoming test.
text:That is really hard but I think you can be successful.	labels:I just don't know about that.  It's so much pressure to succeed.  The classes are so expensive and I can't fail.
text:It sounds like you are overwhelmed and want to come up with a plan to move forward.	labels:Yes, I sure do. Do you have any suggestions?
text:When I was in school, we started study groups.  They were so helpful and encouraging to each other. Are there any study groups available?	labels:With COVID-19, everything is so different.  I don't feel like I have study group support. .
text:I see that COVID-19 really changes the way we do things.  Is it possible to do a zoom study group or Facetime with friends?	labels:Wow, that sounds like a great idea.  That might work.
text:Do you have other concerns?	labels:I do worry still about the financial consequences of possible failure.  If I fail, then I have to retake the class and it is so expensive. .
text:I can see from chatting with you that this is a major stressor for anyone to undertake..	labels:Yes, I'm so concerned about having to pass but also how I will pay my bills if I don't pass and don't have a degree. I will have all this college debt and nothing to show for it.
text:I can see where that is a stressor.  I had to repeat a class once and pay for the housing, classes, and financial aspects.  But, I did pass the next time and was able to make a difference in peoples' lives with my career.  Sometimes the stressors and challenges are part of the end goal which is even bigger to humanity.	labels:Wow that was very well said. I appreciate that.
text:Keep pressing forward and work toward your dreams because you can do it.  Just the way you contemplate things so much, I can tell that you really care and will make a difference to the world.	labels:Thanks for the help. I feel much better.
text:You are very welcome. .	labels:I think I'm going to go right now and set up a zoom meet with my friends to study.  You have given some inspiration to me.
text:That sounds like a great plan to start studying with friends.	labels:I'm feeling good about this now.	episode_done:True
text:I can find any work and i truely dont know how i am going to eat. cant.\nGood afternoon! How are you feeling today?	labels:i am stressed out. how are you. I dont know where to look for work. i dont trust it is safe to work and i am anxious most of the time thinking of it.
text:I know how stressful that can be! I think if we put our heads together  we should be able to figure out a plan. Did you work before?	labels:that sounds helpful i do need some guidance. yes i did work. i worked at a deli which has shut down so my experience is in the food industry.
text:Ok so did you get laid off due to Covid or did you quit or general what happened. It appears you can read my mind. Before I even get a chance you already answer it.. LOL.	labels:so overall i was laid of due to covid then even though they tried to stay open the money was so ad they had to close. i am not sure what other field of work to start looking into.
text:OK so do you have any other experience or all food industry? Due to Covid it is very SCARY and real health concern. In my area some places are hiring but still scary. Well how about getting paid to do surveys in your home  and you can do your hours as you want?	labels:I could do that and i have used amzon mturk i do not know of any other good paying survey sites.
text:Or at least until you can find something to temporarily give you some money. Also what about unemployment?	labels:unemplyment ran out im not sure how to reapply.
text:I was going to suggest that and also do you know how to add chrome extensions?	labels:also when the heck is another stimukus coming lolno what is a chrome extension?
text:Search google  maybe for unemployment in your county or call unemployment office.	labels:i am interested in ways to use my computer to make money. yes ill google it. i am so thankful to at least have access to the internet.
text:Chrome extensions are extension you can download onto chrome browser.  Like I am using Chrome. Do you know what you are using?	labels:i am using chrome, what does that have to do with surveys online, maye i lost the point. can i use them somehow to make money online?
text:Thank God for youtube you can search for almost anything.  I am not kidding . Anyways there is this add on I just discovered called turk guru made to go with mturk.	labels:oh ok what does it do.
text:It is free for two weeks than subscription but I doubled my money in the two weeks. It helps to accept hits faster than they come thru so you get to get some high paying one.	labels:have you used amazon mturk for long. oh i see that sounds good, how much do you have to pay after that do you know?
text:and its .33 day and anyone can do that in a day to help pay for it.  3 years and 2months with turk guru.	labels:nice i have only used it for a month and ive made alomst 300 dollars, i am so happy for this it is just not quite enough yet.
text:wow thats more than I make maybe I should be taking guidance from you. lol.	labels:loli. i have 3 kid and christmas is coming,thats some good motivation. that a few hours a day and sometimes i wanna throw my computer when i am done, the instant payment keeps me motivated.
text:I can understand how stressful that can be. I have two boys and two dogs okay and two fish. .	labels:i didnt expect this conversation to actually help me, thankyou. neat, saltwater or freshwater? we have a salt reef tank and a cat as well named perch.
text:It was better when we could request payment daily now soonest is 3 days and I ll tell you what . It has saved us a few times even though it was like $30 it was enough to hold us to payday fri.	labels:I have to agree any littel amount helps. yea i only saw the 3 day option.
text:I think saltwater I dont know we had few years and there fish. Sorry. LOL  I didnt pay attention. Sometimes just laughing helps . Laughter makes you young and happy.	labels:ok thats fine lol.
text:Please give me a moment.. I have to do something quick. BRB.	labels:ok i think we can end  now it had een 1 minuted. fifteeen minute. thanks for your help and i am really thankful for your information..
text:Sorry boys fighting roblox .  LOl. I don't think you are supposed to say that in chat.. FYI. Nor are we probably allowed to talk about mturk..	labels:lol say what that they are fighting? i understand that my six year old is hooked.
text:I am glad I could help and truthfully you never know where and when God will send you to get a little help encouragement or Big help.  No offense / I believe in God and did way before Covid. Good luck and I spoke complete Truth.	labels:they shouldve told us that or maye i missed directions, either way we completed the task and to each their own glad you can ho.	episode_done:True
text:I hate how some people voted.\nWhy do you feel that way?	labels:because if biden really does win he's gonna fuck with everyones gun rights.
text:You seem really concerned about gun rights. Does that sound possible?.	labels:i am an army veteran. i defended the county and risked my life. i want to defend my children and my home how that i am back in country.
text:Thank you for your service. I can understand how that might be a difficult situation for you, especially with your experiences. How are you handling this situation?	labels:thank you. i'm just really worried. my neighbor is a single woman. last month her boyfriend beat her up and she called the police. it took 35 minutes to respond. i have an 8 year old daughter and five year old twin boys. i want to protect my children from harm.
text:You are welcome. That is really kind of you to want to protect your children from harm. It seems like you feel the best way to do this is through owning guns? Have you thought of any alternatives, since the votes have been cast?	labels:what alternative? the police are so backed up everywhere they can't respond fast enough. they should be our first line of defense here in the us against bad guys but that doesnt happen or they ccant always be trusted to respond quickly and efficiently so i feel we have to take it upon ourselves. if someone were to break in and has a gun.... i mean.. criminals dont get guns the legal way anyway you know. what should i do...throw a knife at them? lol.
text:That is a good point you bring up about the quickness and efficiency of protection that guns can provide.. How you thought of any other alternatives that could help your family, regarding the process of obtaining guns during a Biden presidency?	labels:not a clue. do you have any suggestions?
text:Definitely! My first step would be understanding the gun policy that Biden would have and confirming the new process. Does that sound like something that could be a good starting point?	labels:true..i may be worrying over nothing.
text:I think you are just being careful and protective of your family. That is very honorable of a veteran like yourself.	labels:thank you. i guess going to war makes you worry about things a lot of people dont normally have to huh.
text:Yes, that sounds like the case. Are there any practices that have helped you when you're worried?	labels:well...the va has me do jornaling, deep breathing and mediation. kinda embarasing to admit....
text:Don't be embarrassed! To be honest, I have had experiences with some of those, including deep breathing. I also find it helpful..	labels:thanks for sharing. that makes me feel better. :)
text:Of course! I am glad to share and help :)	labels:I'm glad we talked. I. hope you have a great day and a great. holiday season!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you doing today?	labels:Hello, Not too bad considering but not feeling the best I've felt in awhile. How are you?
text:Im doing fine thanks, Whats going on for you to be feeling that way?	labels:For some reason today I have felt very down about the death of my grandmother, she died in September but something just made me feel the grief all day today and i have no idea what it is.
text:First i am sorry for your loss, Grief affects all in different ways. My father died last year but i still feel him everyday. What i have done when feeling down, Is to try to remember a time we were happy together.	labels:Thank you, very sorry for yours. I do think of the good times and I had a lot of those with her but she was also the person who was there for me when I was sad. I was closest to her in my family. Hard when I remember that I can. Cannot call her.
text:Yeah i get that, something will happen with my kid and i think, man dad would love to hear that. What i take from that is happiness knowing that i had him there before, knowing that he was there for me. Try to take comfort in the fact that she was your go to, She was there for you but she was also trying to make you a better person.	labels:I just want to be alone and have no place to do so. My roommate is having people over despite knowing the situation today. Just very frustrating.. Absolutely! And she shaped my life in many ways.
text:Oh i can see how that is really frustrating, especially right now. Maybe reach out online to some groups, or if you really feel the need to talk on a deeper level, a local therapist?	labels:I can usually cope with the loss fairly well but something is just bothering me today. It is because I told her as well that I wanted to be alone. She could easily go to their homes too. Sometimes just get stuck when you are in a situation you are not happy in and can't do much to get out of it yet, but at least it is not forever.
text:Well you seem to recognize that it wont last forever which is great. Everyone should know that sometimes its is ok to just be sad. Seems like you do, which is great!	labels:yeah absolutely! It is just a very bad day and will be over sooner than later.
text:Maybe you should treat yourself to something. Favorite dinner or dessert. Cozy up with a good book. Just try to lighten your spirits, or distract yourself.	labels:Yeah thats a good idea. Always helps! I just wish I wasn't going to be stuck in my room all night.
text:Yea feels like weve all been stuck in our rooms for ever. Have you tried any virtual meet ups?	labels:Yeah luckily I've been able to see my family once in awhile and what not. and some friends. I really appreciate your support today.
text:Well thats good. Always good to stay connect. Not a problem, i enjoyed our chat. I hope you take care!	labels:thank you! me too. same to you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:im feeling pretty sad today.
text:i am sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about what is bothering you?	labels:its about me and my friend got fight for misunderstanding.
text:It sounds like your feelings are hurt over a misunderstanding you had with a friend is this correct?	labels:yeah thats correct.
text:I see i am sorry that it has you feeling down, did you try to talk with your friend to see if you could resolve your feelings?	labels:no he was not responding to me.he just avoiding me.
text:maybe you could send him a message on social media and let him know the argument has your feelings hurt and you would like to try to talk about it when he has time.	labels:thanks but he totally avoiding me he just blocked me and he ignore me.
text:how long have you been friends with him?	labels:for 5 years .but he thinks that i have affair with his girlfriend.
text:oh yea that can make things difficult, but i think if you keep reaching out you may could talk this over. Did you try to explain to him that his thoughts were not true?	labels:yeah but how should i start because he misjudged me and his girlfriend its a sensitive issue.
text:I would  start off by telling him that you were sorry that he had those thoughts but there is no truth to it and the fact that he does not trust you enough to know that is hurtful to you and her. If that does not work then you might need to take some time to reflect and figure out if that is a friendship worth trying to save, you may find yourself better off without a friend who shows no trust in you.	labels:please give me some suggegtion that what should i do now.
text:I would continue trying to reach out to him and until you can get in touch with him maybe find some thing to do to occupy your mind as to where it does not bother you so much. do you have any hobbies?	labels:yeah i like to play football.
text:maybe go play some football to get your mind off of it.	labels:yeah sure.
text:from chatting with you seem like a nice person, try not to let it get you down.	labels:now im feeling well because of you.
text:i am glad i could be of some help!	labels:thanks my friend.
text:you are welcome.	labels:thake care bye my friend.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you there?	labels:Yes I'm here.
text:Good! How are you today?	labels:I'm doing ok. Feeling kinda stuck at the moment though. Struggling with everything happening around me without me.
text:You feel left out out. Is that what you're saying?	labels:Maybe not so much left out but moreso left behind. I really feel like everyone else is where they're supposed to be in life and I'm just floundering here without a clue what to do next. I'm just so used to being a mom that now that my son is getting mroe independent, I really feel like when I try to look at myself, I don't see a path to things working out.
text:I see and there was a time I felt lost or not needed too. What is it you would like to do with your life?	labels:I really have no idea. I've been depressed for a really long time. I don't find joy in the things I used to so I don't even know what I like to do.
text:The best way to begin to solve a problem is recognizing there's a problem in the first place. Give yourself some credit because recognize there is a problem. Do you have friends who are mothers too and who are having some of the same issues as yourself?	labels:No. I've isolated myself pretty good. Staying inside because of the virus has definitely helped to ease my anxiety but it makes life pretty lonely.
text:I see. You know if you get a mirror and look in it you'll see you are a natural leader. Here's the proof; You realized there's a problem. 2. You reached out for help. 3. You are aware of issues that are bigger than yourself. those are qualities of a leader. Have you thought about starting an online support group for parents? You would be good at it I bet.	labels:I really appreciate you saying that. I used to be in a bunch of online support groups for single parents but life kind of got in the way and I didn't have a lot of time to focus on myself. I always had to be there for my son.
text:That's understandable. Most parents feel like you do so you're not alone. When I feel closed off I write. I make up stories where I'm always the heroe. Don't laugh. I always overcome some issue. I also write letters just to get out what I'm feeling. It helps and you should try it. Start a diary or write letters to your son so you can share them with him one . Are these activities you might like to try? Friend are you still there? Hello?	labels:I do think I would like to try those activities! Sometimes I don't want to bother my kid with my problems but he's like the best friend I have. I think I will take your advice and try to write some letters.
text:Awww look at you. You got me smiling over here. I bet you will write some fantastic letters especially since you and your son are best friends. Good luck and call us and let us know how it's going okay? If that doesn't work together we'll come with something else. Remember there is nothing you can't overcome. You Got This! Good luck.	labels:I really appreciate your kind words more than you know!  Thanks for the great advice and I hope you are doing good as well! I hope you have a great day!  Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Good day, how are you doing?	labels:Not too well.  I have been depessed because of our state shut down and today an old friend from unior high school passed.
text:Sorry to hear that.  I absolutely understand, it's been hard on most people having to deal with the current state of affairs and losing people. . Do you think things will improve?	labels:Thank you.  I know we are all in the same predicament. . I think things will improve, but not for a year or more. .
text:I agree.  I lost a teacher some time ago and I've been thinking a lot about when things might improve.  A year seems plausible.. Since it's so hard, are there things you think you can do to cheer yourself up?	labels:A year is a long time when y. A year is a long time when you are 76 years old.  I just want to enjoy the rest of our lives - my husband and me - and travel until we can't enjoy it any longer.
text:Sorry to hear that.  It is really tough being restricted to not travelling. I call my parents (around your age) about once a week.	labels:Thank you so much for your support.  It is tough and there is nothing to do.
text:Do you have family you can talk to? Have you considered volunteering?  I ask because my neighbor bakes for the local food bank and it helps her.	labels:Yes, I do, but I can't talk to my son in Florida because he lost his job and havng  tough time.  I don't feel like I should enjoy my life when he is suffering.  We may need to help him financially.  I use to volunteer at a nursing home, but I am afraid to now with the virus.
text:That is reasonable.  And it sounds like you are doing all you can. Could you teach from home online and keep yourself safe?  Or perhaps provide your son financial support?	labels: I am trying to do what I can for my son and also to help so I don't get too down and depressed.
text:You are doing everything you can.  Some things are just beyond our control. And we are all struggling, so please know you are not alone in your feelings.	labels:Thank you - that makes me feel some better.  You are right and I learned more than ever that some things I con't control.   Yes, we are all struggling and trying to get this this pandemic.  I am sorry that we are all going through this and pray it will get over soon.
text:I couldn't agree more.  We will get through this with each others help.	labels:Yes, we will get through this - it helps so much to have others support.  I do thank you very much for talking with me today.  Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I am here to talk about my daily stresses.\nHi there.	labels:Hi pleased to meet you and hope you're doing well.
text:yes, Thank you. and i hope you are doing well as well.	labels:yeah I am okay. Just daily stresses such as disrupted life routines from the pandemic and growing anxiety as my city is facing the beginning of the second wave.
text:i surely understand you. this pandemic has been really stressful..	labels:yeah you bet. for example, I only go out once or twice a week for my job, and once every two weeks for groceries. And that's it. But even then, when I have to be in close quarters with coworkers and even to go out for groceries, that scares me.
text:yeah, people are not social distancing enough.. but wearing a mask and then using sanitizer should at least give us a bit of a confidence.	labels:like it was only this tuesday when my city finally acknowledge there's community spread and second wave, when it has been happening slowly for the last two weeks! it's irresponsible and they share information slowly to the public and don't disclose enough information. And they are still not shutting down gyms or restaurants, when they are the main sources right now in my city.
text:at least now i hope the city will put in more restrictions and mandate mask wearing.	labels:yeah I have been doing all that, with the washing of the hands and so forth. The situation at my job is unavoidable but I am still as careful as I try to cope. well, it's only today they brought the limit to social gatherings from 10 to 5.
text:have you tried reaching out to mayor's office to see if there is any way you could request for more restrictions. most of the cities do have a hotline or a channel for residents to give suggestions or request something.	labels:too slow and they don't believe in shutting down essential businesses when that will stop it once and for all after two or three weeks. They did that earlier this year for the first wave and that pretty much did the trick. And today they openly said that unless deemed necessary, they will only shut down selective places because restaurants need to stay open for business, etc.
text:hmm, that's a bummer.	labels:yeah there's a local line but it's a pretty big city and it wouldn't really matter what I say.
text:okay.	labels:but anyhow, I have been conferring with my friend pretty much daily on the phone and that does help with social support. But thanks for that advice, it's a good idea.
text:that's great. having a supportive friend/family is so much a blessing during this pandemic.	labels:yes definitely, since I live alone and pretty much self isolated since March of this year. I have gotten used to it and more comfortable. Before I was more nervous, lonely, and claustrophobic. It is better now but my fear is coming back due to the rising cases.
text:yeah, i can understand.. do you have any hobbies or interests that you can work on to help you put your mind away for sometime?	labels:yeah thanks for listening. And this does impact my daily routines, from my workout patterns, sleep patterns, and diet. yeah somewhat. but not productive energy. I tend to be lethargic, immobile at my computer for long times, surfing the net aimlessly when I should be studying, and just distracted.
text:there are a good number of online forums for most of the hobbies/interests.. that'll help you share your work and also get some additional ideas.	labels:and I sleep real late and wake up real late. It's all backwards and unhealthy and I am disappointed in myself. I also work out less because I can work out at home but I have done that less and less as somehow I don't feel motivated. okay yeah good idea. I can look for more videos too on such resources. like I don't play any musical instruments but that would be great for a distraction like that or to pass time or to improve on a craft or project.
text:putting away my phone has helped me a lot. also, i have designed a daily routine to include more of the tasks that i like.	labels:Just pretty much my studies with two online courses and not even reading anything outside of school. And even then, my school work ethics suck and I am kind of disappointed at my lapses that way. ok yeah great ideas.
text:yeah, try to start learning a new musical instrument of your choice. maybe just 30-60 mins everyday.	labels:I have started to put away my phone. as I realize that I use it a lot too.
text:nice.	labels:So I put it at the opposite end of my room for example. started doing that lately and so the screen time has reduced somewhat. so just trying to channel my productive energy into finishing school deadlines.
text:social media and then this relentless flow of covid news/info is also stressful.	labels:yeah for sure, especially following up news from around the world and in the states. just stressful loads of news just catching up to daily events. and as for daily schedule, yes I have kind of more control on that too as I try to write down what I should do now and set an alarm to start doing this at this time etc, especially in juggling my school work. but yeah your ideas are great and match my thinking exactly.
text:yepp. i read a book - 'atomic habits'. and kind of designed a daily routine. this helping me a lot and reducing stress as well..	labels:I see. okay I will keep doing that. I will search that book too, interesting title.
text:and also try and note down things that stress or upset you. and then over a period try to avoid those triggers..	labels:okay then. I am good to go on that note. Thanks for reaching out and listening. It's great that you understand and am providing great advice. ok. kind of a reminder on what stresses me and to avoid that etc. that's great. like a debriefing. you've given a lot of great suggestions actually. Thanks a lot for that.
text:yepp. and if you try to remove or avoid those triggers, it will really help.	labels:you've been quite helpful. for sure. I believe that also. avoiding stressors and cope.
text:sure no problem. hope you get through this and also be able to successfully complete your school courses.	labels:yeah I am okay. They are coming to an end at end of this month and next so dialing down so I am at a crunch period. Thank you again and I hope you well also. And keep staying well and safe.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you today.	labels:Hi, I;m not too good. Just trying to get over a really bad breakup, still haven't wrapped my head around it to be honest.
text:I am so sorry to hear that you want to tell me what happened?	labels:Yeah, apparently the covid situation was getting to him and after he lost his job, he decided he wanted to find himself and try the single life after ten years together.
text:oh no that is terrible, are you able to support yourself financially without him?	labels:Yeah, thankfully, I was basically supporting us both. It was just the shock of it all. I came home from work and he was packing his things, no discussion, nothing just it's over and I've literally been crying all day. I don;t even think I miss him, I'm just mad about how he went about it.
text:That is cruel, I am sure you are in shock, to leave without an explanation, or a real one is terrible. So you have no contact withim what so ever?	labels:No contact, I sort of lost my temper when he tried to talk things over because I think he was going to use this as a threat but I was so disgusted after being tired from work that I just threw my phone and now my way of contacting him is gone.
text:Maybe that is not all bad, gives him time to think and you too. And if he regrets what he did he will return. But then you would have to make a decission, if you would want him back..	labels:I sort of don't think I want him back. Not when he thinks our relationship is some sort of pawn for him to hold over my head. It sucks because my parents didn't even like him, I stuck my neck out for him and now this happens.
text:Well I am sure it sucks and feels a bit lonely. But if you dont want him back have a glass of wine and celebrate the you, you deserve the best and nothing less.	labels:I think I'm more scared of being alone because we were together for so long, you know? Like I haven't ever lived on my own. It sounds dumb but I think I'm going to miss the company more than my relationship.
text:I believe it is hard to home is all of a sudden much more quiet, maybe invite a friend over? I am sorry you are going through this.	labels:Or I could get a cat, to be honest being a cat lady might be less stressful. A cat would definitely be cheaper.
text:They are fun to have LOL, now that is the spirit go to the shelter and safe one of those poor souls. And you can pet it and it is happy to see you any time,	labels:Thanks for listening to me gripe about this, I was just shocked, you know? Like ten years gone down the drain but I guess that's life. A kitten definitely sounds like a good idea.
text:Sometimes it just is, but out of all the bad things something good comes out of it you might not just see it now. Take care of yourself.	labels:Thank you and you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhi.	labels:I am always in the mood of depression.
text:why  what is your problem?	labels:If I want to do something , I think it's negative part only.
text:just change your mind.	labels:Thanks for the hint. I tried it many-times. But I can't.
text:try it keep them.	labels:Do you have any other idea to get out from this negative point of view mind?
text:just go out with girls and do partying you will feel relax for sure. when being relaxed you wont feel negative.	labels:For example If I want to answer for question front of other people , I am not able to answer even I know the answer.. I can go out for party. But I don't have girl friends.
text:just try to coming outdon't shiver and dont feel useless.	labels:I am not useless because I am an example of Useless.
text:this is what your problem based on.	labels:I am not able to understand your words.
text:why are you thinking yourself like that?	labels:Even I am not able to  understand my mother tongue.. Do you have solutions for me?
text:you are the bet solution.	labels:Thank you. I try to change myself from now. No one can play my role better than me. Thank you for your cooperation..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what can I help you with this evening? .	labels:I am feeling very depressed lately. Like a constant pressure that i don't know exactly what it is.
text:Depression is extremely rough to deal with, I'm very sorry to hear you're going through that. .	labels:I think the days getting shorter makes it worse.
text:Oh yes, less light during the day makes the days seem compacted and suffocating.	labels:Do you have any tips on how to overcome it?
text:I believe there are special lamps that you could get to help.  I personally have been trying to get up a little earlier in the morning and enjoy my coffee with the sunrise and a scroll through Instagram. I also already have to schedule and routinize my day because I work and go to school from home, so I make sure to give myself breaks where I literally must get up and leave my desk, be in another room for a little while. .	labels:Yes, i like to be up to enjoy the mornings but i am also hard to get woken up. I like to stay up, but when it's time to get up i dread it. Bad cycle.
text:Sure, that's understandable.  There are opportunities throughout the day to get a little more vitamin D, you just have to make sure to give yourself time to enjoy them. .	labels:Time is the fire in which we burn.
text:Now that is intractable.	labels:Lol...yes it is. The pandemic heightens all our awareness of time and mortality.
text:Sometimes, to me, the enormity of the universe is calming to my anxiety.  Being assured that I mean absolutely nothing is nice sometimes..	labels:And drives the civil unrest which makes me feel anxious and insecure.
text:Not in a scary, better-off-dead kind of way, but in the way that a galaxy is a slow moving explosion.  I'm a flea to the universe.	labels:Yes i find that a strangly comforting thought.
text:... then you have to wonder, what are fleas thinking?! .	labels:They have the luxury of instinct without having to "think" at all.
text:God, tell me more, lol.	labels:They just be fleas. Fleas gonna flea.
text:Galaxies gonna spiral.	labels:I worry too that the U.S. government has no idea what it's doing. And the people at large are all losing their mental health.
text:Yeah they have kicked the can down to local governments, local governments kick the can down to the citizens.  It's absurd. No on wants to take responsibility for taking responsibility. . It's a very uncertain situation and it's a psychological reality that when we don't have physical or metnal security, it's extremely hard for a human being to progress through stages in life or learn new skill as well or at all.	labels:I guess it's like you said before, we can only change ourselves.
text:So everyone's plans are canceled for the year, plus no one has any idea when the shit's going to end, so not unlike a dog at the vet, the suffering seems interminable. .	labels:And focus on our own development. True. Well thanks for your support and kind words, ending chat now.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:I'm not so well.
text:I see you aren't feeling so well.  What seems to be going on?	labels:I'm really anxious over a breakup.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing a breakup.  That's really hard.	labels:I'm not sure where to go or what to do?
text:Just from chatting with you, I can see how anxious you are in trying to get a path forward.. .	labels:I don't know how to be alone.
text:That's really hard, but there are supports out there.	labels:Where can I go for support?
text:There are counselors out there to help with relationships.	labels:That sounds like something I could try.
text:Do you have any family supports?	labels:My sister has been through a similar situation and perhaps could help.
text:It sounds like your sister could be a great support being that she has had a similar situation.	labels:That is a good idea.
text:Family can often be a strength for support.	labels:That is so true.  Thanks so much.  I'm going to get some help and am feeling better about things.
text:Yes, family can be a great support.  I am glad you are starting to move forward with a plan.	labels:Have a great night.  Thanks again. .
text:Thank you for chatting and I wish you well.	labels:I feel so much calmer now after chatting with you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can i support you tonight?	labels:Hi there, I guess I just want to talk about some academic pressure. I am just trying to pull an all-nighter and try to get through some lengthy reading of my textbook. I have a final coming up after next week.
text:School can be very demanding. What has you stressed?	labels:yeah just trying to speed through the readings as I still have more than a few units to read through.
text:All nighters can be rough. Do you have snacks and caffeine?	labels:and meanwhile, have one assignment from this course also at the end of this month, and another course's assignment, and that course's exam is coming up next month. yeah just trying to load myself up with coffee. I am used to the idea of staying up because I have been doing that since the pandemic early on this year, but I seem to be distracted and procrastinating, especially in the early hours of the morning, and just go on the computer and waste time, etc. it's kind of hard to sit myself down I guess.
text:You can master it within in a month, you are already getting a head start.	labels:yeah this is my third go through the entire course, the third round of studying. So that the knowledge would be fresh in my mind. just the entire next week is all I have left to get through like 6 units of readings.
text:Yes the pandemic has created a lot of challenges for routines and schedules.	labels:plus finish up the assignment and I have a part-time job, and plus doing some catching with the other course which is all due next month after this course. yeah it sure has. I can go on and on about that too.
text:I am confident you can succeed, it sounds like you have a plan and dedication.	labels:And another thing is by the time I get wise up to not procrastinate, like around 3 or 4 am, I become tired and sleepy, and my brain kicks in and immediately doesn't cooperate. So just a pattern of that going on lately. thanks just gonna do my very best and be mature and catch up because my marks have been good but have been procrastinating, lazy, and slow with everything since the pandemic.
text:That is a tough cycle to break..	labels:yeah it's stupid. Once I am done with these two courses, I can finally stop sleeping so late. Because regardless of the courses, I have been sleeping at around the same time, which is late almost every night, since the pandemic started.
text:I think you're saying you will have go put your nose to the grind.	labels:so it will be a good time for me to take a breather and reset my bad bad habits and circadian rhythm after these two courses. and get back to some normalcy in my life routines. it will literally be a fresh start, next january.
text:Yes, definitely allow yourself time to breathe.	labels:yeah exactly, nose to the grind. yeah too many bad habits from the pandemic and social isolation. Excessive procrastination, not working out much, eating pattern is bad, sleep pattern is bad, etc.
text:I think you sound very capable, despite the amount of stress you're under.	labels:its all linked and most of it is due to the pandemic and the studies is just a reinforcement of this loop, fuels it actually.
text:You can get back on track with those healthy behaviors.	labels:Thank you. I am getting better as each day brings me closer to the first exam. I am actually catching up and I feel guilty of myself for the bad habits and not doing the courses as well as I should but just at the end, I feel like I am getting a grip on it again. Thank you for your advice. I hope I can break my bad cycles like I said.
text:You are welcome. I definitely relate to how you feel.	labels:Thanks. Yeah I can see that you understand. That's good.
text:I believe in you!	labels:thank you very much! I will continue to study after we chat. I am just taking a break. this has been a good refresher break. So thank you for your kind words and your trust in me.
text:Same, have a good night and get some rest.	labels:okay. So I am good to go then. Thank you again and all the best to you and I hope you continue to stay safe. Good night. You too, rest well.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can I help you this evening? .	labels:I am really worried about the future.
text:That's a very understandable worry to have, and I'm sorry you're dealing with that right now. .	labels:The pandemic and economic downturn keep me up at night.
text:Is there a specific path or event in the future that you are worried about? .	labels:Yes, how the pandemic will play out mostly.
text:Things are very uncertain these days.  I certainly have never experienced anything like it. .	labels:I guess we are all in the same boat.
text:Personally, I have tried to lessen my anxiety by limiting my intake of news and social media.  No matter what one might believe, there's always someone out there that's apparently going to take it to an extreme, and reading over and over about that is emotionally exhausting. .	labels:I think that definitely plays into it. I want to be informed, but not diluged.
text:Or constantly terrified. We can't control the world, or even another person really, but we can control ourselves. .	labels:How do you comfort yourself that it's not that bad?
text:Well, I don't try to deny the seriousness of the situation at all.  But I do try to keep myself and my family healthy, physically and mentally, and maintain my close friendships via text/video.	labels:Thanks for your insights. It is helpful to talk it out.
text:And I schedule my day, even though I'm working and going to school from home.  I schedule breaks to go out and enjoy the fresh air, dance like an idiot to some music, play with my dogs, or whatever is refreshing. .	labels:Now is the time to focus and be disciplined.. I will take your advice.
text:A routine has been really really helpful.  I also make sure to get plenty of sunshine.  As the winter comes in, we have shorter days and it feels suffocating. .	labels:Yes, the short days are a major depressant. I feel like those around me dont understand my anxiety.
text:That must be frustrating.  I've learned there are just some people I can't trust with my vulnerabilities. .	labels:I may overtrust.
text:But again, you cannot control how they react, you can only control yourself.  And that's not to say you can turn off your emotions or anything, but once you let go of the idea that you can control someone else to your liking, you will feel better.  Less out of control.  Because that's a lot of what is disturbing about the pandemic.  We have zero control over it. .	labels:You're good at this. Thanks for your support. Ending chat when timer allows.	episode_done:True
text:Hello I would like to talk to you regarding my daily stresses.\nsure, please go ahead and share your story.	labels:pretty much being social isolated due to the pandemic, trying to finish up my studies at the same time, and what's going on in the world with regards to the pandemic. My physical and mental health aren't great, and I am not eating as well as I should or sleeping as well as I should. I guess we all go through that in different ways with the pandemic now.
text:it sounds like you are having depression, have you shared your problems with anyone?	labels:yes sure, I chat with my friend everyday on the phone and that helps to talk about each other's day and my thoughts and feelings, observations with the world etc.
text:that's great! Friends can be big help.	labels:I am just not able to help my tendencies to sleep really late and wake up late. My sleep pattern is really abnormal and I am disappointed in myself. It's not much about the pandemic as just gotten a really bad habit and trying to stay up late and watch movies or catch up with my work. Then it's a vicious circle in which the next day I wake up late, and my day starts late, and so to get as much done, I repeat the same damaging cycle.
text:If you have time, spend at least 1-2h everyday outdoor. You can talk a walk in the park or just simply go to the stores.	labels:So I am having real trouble breaking this pattern. And because I work once or twice a week and not during the day, I don't even have the motivation or need to wake up early. I go out only for personal errands and that's once every week or two weeks. I still am not prepared to go out even for walks. But that's just my stubborn thinking.
text:In order to have better sleep pattern, maybe you should exercise, at first your body will be tired which helps you sleep better and earlier. spending too much time indoor is very damaging to your mentality. Even the most normal person will go crazy at that rate.	labels:My thinking is that I had stuck to this for so long it's not my style to compromise and I tend to be stubborn. And that if I had done that, I would have done that early on this year. But other people are doing it but it's also coupled with the pandemic in which I just don't think I or anyone should risk that, since I am basically sacrificing myself, while others in my apartment building are walking freely in and out. So that's my thinking. Yes I understand. I do know it's bad to get stuck indoors. Believe me, before all this, I was going out many times a week to the movies and to the gym.
text:I feel you, when everything starts closing down again. I also feel angry because I've been doing everything right and now am punished because of other selfish people.	labels:Now I just do a lot of time nothing but on the computer or in my studies. A lot of the time aimless, not even studying that well or using my time well. And I don't have the same motivation to work out that much at home, which I used to do a lot. exactly. I understand your feelings too on that. A lot of selfish people inviting others indoors or going out, even a few months ago when the cases were just dropping and they didn't take enough time to wait but immediately lift their own restriction and go out.
text:I'm also sick of the repetition too. Everyday I go to work then go home and just get stuck there all nigh every day. However, we need to tell ourselves that this too shall pass.	labels:But even when there were a lot of cases, there are some people on my floor that walked freely in and out many times in one day when it wasn't safe for anyone. And I didn't get that at all and that was when I was angry and anxious of their actions. Because that risked my safety too. sorry to hear that you have similar repetitions. That's how it feels. Everyday is the same. And when I talk with my folks on the phone, I have nothing new to share except about the pandemic, because that's the only thing new, and I only call the once a week. But yes, I do believe that it will pass at some point.
text:that's the right way of thinking. You're doing this not only for yourself but for everyone else.	labels:yeah that's why I told myself early on I am doing this for everyone and I couldn't compromise no matter what. Perhaps too stringent but that was my thinking.
text:I try to stay away from the news or talking about covid, mostly because it's gonna be the same information and only depresses us even more.	labels:And it's better now and I am kind of used to this endless cycle. I used to feel even lonelier and claustrophobic. I see. Well I do hope and it does sound like you are adapting to this well so far and staying sane. So that's good.
text:I don't think I am better than you but we have to try nonetheless.	labels:And what sucks even more is that my city is just beginning its second wave as of about two weeks ago. So it's just starting to ramp up. Yes I agree. Just stay strong. And one thing I told myself is that years from now I can imagine myself in that future time and thinking back to a dark, bad year, and say and think to myself that I got through it and that there was an end to the dark tunnel. And that there is an end to this.
text:it's the same for me, businesses are forced to tighten again which is grim. However, the only think we can do now is take 1 day at a time and hope for the best.	labels:So that did help even though the future may be relatively far, I was vividly picturing that emotion of that time in the future. yeah good luck to you. And at least your city is deciding to close for the better. My city hasn't even made the call yet even though this is probably the optimal time to do so, early on in the spread where it's controllable. I am sure you will get through this great. We can do it. Actually talking to you now, I feel renewed hope. just kind of summarizing my thoughts and feelings.
text:I believe the same as long as we hang in there. Get help from your friends and family.	labels:So thank you for that and for listening and understanding. Yes will continue to do that.
text:It was nice talking to you too.	labels:social support is a very good thing. thanks, likewise. Good luck to you then and all the best. It will be ok.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing?	labels:I am hanging in there as well as I can be.
text:What's been going on?	labels:I am worried about losing my job. The company I work for has had layoffs and is talking about it again in a few months. This makes me really nervous.
text:It seems like that fear of losing your job has been taking a toll on you.	labels:It has indeed. I chose an industry that was fairly stable and a company that hadn't done layoffs in a long time but COVID changed all of that.
text:Yeah, COVID is an unprecedented time where anything can happen. It must be frustrating knowing the safe path was taken but even then jobs might be taken away for something out of your control.	labels:Yes! Exactly and I cannot stand that. I love my routine and predicability.
text:I can relate to that. It's always nice when everything falls into place. The prospect of a sudden change stresses me out and I imagine you've been feeling the same way as well. What's your fear if you lose your job?	labels:Very much so. If I lose my job I can't pay my bills and keep a roof over my head. In a good economy it took me over 300 applications, 50 interviews, and over 6 months to find a job..
text:I think even if you lose your job, you would still be able to obtain resources through unemployment or even a stay at home temporary job from an employment agency while you look for another one or for your company to return to normal.	labels:I would hope so.
text:I can definitely relate. I've submitted around that many applications if not more before I found my current job. But working as a temp at other companies has helped me provide for myself in the meantime. :) You have every right to feel the way you do though. It's a scary time but know that things will be okay.	labels:Right. It's just not something I want to go through again. I just got this job 18 months ago. That job hunting dread and feeling hasn't gone away.
text:I understand. It definitely is an agonizing process but you've gone through it before and have 18 months of experience under your belt from your current job which looks good on any resume. Despite the pandemic, I think this will help make things a lot easier for you.	labels:For the record, you are doing a really really good job. I really appreciate your time and kind words. Thank you for empathizing and relating. I appreciate your assistance. I feel a lot better about this now :).
text:You are very welcome. (: It's my pleasure to help in any way I can.	labels:It is much appreciated!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:What can I help you with today?	labels:I've been feeling really sad lately. I think I have depression.
text:Is there any reason that triggered  your sadness?	labels:It's 2020 so there's been a lot going on, but I've been struggling with this before all of that. 2020 has made it much worse though.
text:I am sorry you feel this way. Do you live with friends or family?	labels:I live on my own... well at least as the only human. I have a dog.
text:That is great that you at least have your dog. They're great companion.	labels:She is amazing and my love and joy. On days I feel I cannot get out of bed and I don't have work, I get up for her.
text:How about you hang out once a week with your friends and share your problem with them?	labels:I wish. We haven't had the time recently to connect due to being so busy. Do you have any tips or ticks for things I can do by myself?
text:Of course. Now that covid is closing everything. You can use that time to take a course online for free. Or you can pursue your hobbies.	labels:Right. Online courses are fun.
text:Have you tried seeking therapist?	labels:I need to. I just haven't had the money to see one. They're expensive.
text:I think there are quite a few hotline for free, obviously not as good as your personal one, however you can use that when you need to talk to an expert.	labels:Yeah....
text:I understand how you feel, I also find myself more depressed this year than ever.	labels:2020 has not been fun to say the least. I am hoping 2021 is a much better year. Thank you for listening to me.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:im good. getting tired. had a long day. hola?
text:It sounds like you worked really hard today. How are you taking care of yourself?	labels:im good. just talked to my friend who is going in for heart surgery next week.
text:That must be really hard. I'm glad that you were able to make time for your friend who is going through a difficult time.	labels:thank ya. yeah it's important im there for him right now. he has to be nervous. they're going to open 4 or 5 valves.
text:It sounds like you are handling the situation well, given the stressful circumstance. What are some things you are doing to cope with this difficult situation?	labels:thank ya. nothing that much different. i told my sister about it. she seems understanding about it.
text:It's wonderful that you have a support network that you trust and that you can talk with about this. I know that talking through things is really helpful for me too. Have you considered seeking professional help during this time?	labels:nope. i feel that i get enough support from family. it might've been an option if I didn't have a strong support system.
text:That's fantastic. Having family around during a tough season like this must be such a blessing. It's great that you can be there for your friend, almost as if they were part of your family, too.	labels:yeah they feel like part of the family. i've known them since i was in college 20 years ago. we haven't always talked the whole time but....
text:20 years is a long time! It takes a lot of commitment to your friendship to not only keep in touch for that long, but also make the time to support them emotionally when it matters most. You are a loyal friend, and your friend is lucky to have you around!	labels:thank ya. him and I are there for each other. We dated briefly at first but have been friends ever since. He said I was the one who got away. But he was the one who ended it lol.
text:It sounds like you and him have had quite the history, but your friendship has proven to remain strong through thick and thin (20 years!). I can't imagine how stressful it must be to be for him to be waiting for surgery, and I'm sure it means the world to him that you are by his side. How has your friendship been in the midst of everything these days?	labels:It's been good. We've been talking about Covid and the election too. I know I'd be nervous to go in for heart surgery.
text:That's great to hear. Both COVID and the election have certainly been stressful. What are some ways that you have been able to support each other?	labels:just being there for each other as a listening ear.
text:It's so easy to feel alone these days. Sometimes being present is all you can do, but it's the absolute best thing that you can do. Keep going, you're doing great!	labels:thank ya! nity nite.
text:You're welcome! Thank you for being a wonderful friend, the world needs more people like you. Take care of yourself :)	labels:i appreciate your compliment. you too. have a good night. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I am looking for support for depression.  My fiance died four years ago today and I am very sad.\nI am sorry to hear about your loss. How do you feel throughout the day?	labels:Very sad.  I think about him often.
text:It is sad indeed having a loved one past. Having time will help.	labels:Yes but how much time?
text:Some takes weeks. Others take month or years. It's different for everyone. I know where you are coming from. I lost my husband a couple years ago and it took me awhile to move on as well.	labels:I'm so sorry.  It is very hard, isn't it?  I know time is helping, but sometimes, like today, it's just overwhelming how much I miss him.
text:I think perhaps you could think of the wonderful times that you spent with your fiance, and cherish those feelings.	labels:Yes, I do try.  Thank you. May I ask what helped you move forward?
text:I thought of the good times that we spent together. What are some of your happy memories with your fiance?	labels:Some of my favorites are playing games together or watching movies.  Curling up on the couch. He had kidney failure, so we didn't do much outside, but spent as much time together as we could. He used to call me his sunshiney baby doll.  Whenever I see sunflowers I think of him. But most of all, it was that he loved me.  He loved me for me ... he didn't want me to be anyone or anything else. That was a miracle.
text:That is so sweet. How are you feeling now with all these memories coming back to you?	labels:actually i am feeling somewhat better.  still sad, but it's good to remember those things.  thank you. i appreciate your time and understanding.  I hope you are able to remember your good times as well.
text:Other ways to cope is perhaps taking a new hobby. Do you have any new interest that you would like to try? I took up a cooking class a few months after my husband past away, and I really enjoyed it.	labels:i've been trying to figure out a hobby ... but i haven't really found anything that appeals to me.  a cooking class sounds interesting though. i might learn how to do things in the kitchen without injuring myself. I tend to be clumsy at the best of times and have done things such as (most recently) dropping a scalding bowl of chili on my foot.  I tend to wait to do new things til the last injury heals.
text:I think you will do fine in the kitchen once you get the hang of it. What are some of your favorite food?	labels:hmmm.  i love tacos.  and stews.  cheesecake. i used to bake ... but i'm diabetic so that's probably not such a good idea any more.  and since we're working at home now i can't bake and take it into the office for people to enjoy.
text:Yes, I enjoy tacos and cheesecake as well, especially from the Cheesecake Factory.	labels:oh my yes, the Cheesecake Factory has amazing cheesecake. I am going to go now. Thank you very much for your support. It helps to have an "ear" ... just to be able to talk about it and be reminded that it's all going to be okay.  Plus, that there's cheesecake in the world, so it can't all be bad, right?	episode_done:True
text:Hello there! How are you today?	labels:Im okay. How do you want to do this?
text:Sure! Can you please tell me how can i help you today?	labels:Ive been feeling like other people dont like me.
text:If I understand you correctly, do you assume people dislike you even if you can't tell for sure?	labels:Yes, i automatically assume I'm valueless in the other persons eyes, no matter what they say or do to the contrary.
text:It seems you are a bit low on self-confidence. I have been there too. If I may ask you, does this feeling persist all the time irrespective of the situation or it happens after any particular event - say a test or some outdoor game for example?	labels:Yeah, I've been texting my friend and he doesn't reply to me for hours and it makes me feel like he isnt as enthusiastic about our friendship as i am which hurts.
text:Right, the feeling of being ignored can be quite overwhelming. Have you tried speaking with your friend over phone or video call, assuming you have access to the technology?	labels:We have decent phone conversations, I guess I'm just frustrated and sad about my worthiness, now that im typing it out it sounds not nearly as bad. Thank you.
text:Great! You are worthy! Remember that always :) Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:Haha thank you. What do you think i should do when i feel this way next time.
text:Good question! Don't let the feeling consume you. After all , you are dealing with another person who genuinely might be busy or held up with some important work.	labels:Thats true.
text:So, even if they don't respond, just think they are driving or working, and try to avoid thinking that you are being ignored.	labels:I always assume since im not busy that they arent too. I guessits a little self involved.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?  How can I help you?	labels:hello. i have constant anxiety about my future and job applications.
text:I see you are having some anxieties about your future and job applications.  When did this start?	labels:probably in the last 3 or so months.
text:Did something happen at that time?	labels:not exactly. I just have started researching programs and the application process that I will have to start soon and it has been overwhelming.
text:That sounds like a challenge but you can be proud that you are working so hard.	labels:thank you I really appreciate that.
text:Do you have anyone who can help support you through the process?	labels:my husband is supportive. he is more easy going than me. so he thinks I stress too much.
text:It seems like your husband is very supportive but feels you stress a lot.  Is that right?	labels:yes correct.
text:It sounds like you are stressed about the situation and want to find a path forward.	labels:yes I just feel insecure and that I will not get the job i want.
text:Have you thought about going to a job center to seek out help. .	labels:its actually applying for a medical fellowship so it is a little different..
text:Are there other people in your position that you can talk to or counselors to guide you and encourage you through the process?	labels:yeah there are.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello :) how are you.
text:I'm good. How can I help you?	labels:Im feeling very scared regarding my schooling. Im close to failing out and Im not sure what to do.
text:So you are afraid you will fail your classes?	labels:yeah. Im getting pretty close and I can't afford to fail my courses.
text:Have you tried tutor service at school? They usually provide free of charge or very cheap.	labels:I've looked around and there arn't any good tutoring services for my field of study. I've tried reaching out for help but Im still doing poorly.
text:It must be frustrated for you..	labels:Yea im very frustrated at myself. I just can't seem to do well no matter how hard I try.
text:How about talking to your professors about that you don't understand and how they can help?	labels:Maybe. I haven't tried that yet. do you think they would help me?
text:don't be too harsh on yourself. We all struggle in life. As long as we find an appropriate solution, I believe you will get better. Of course, it's their job after all.	labels:Im trying not to be too hard on myself but it's really scary not knowing if i'll pass the next wave of exams. Ill try asking my profs thats a good idea, they can probably give me some good guidance.
text:I feel you. it's scary when everyone seems to do fine but you struggle. However, others struggle silently too, they just like you don't tell anyone.	labels:I guess you're right.
text:If you hesitate to talk to the professors, try their teaching assistants. They tend to be more friendly.	labels:Ill reach out to them too.
text:you can also ask your friends to form a study group.	labels:I think I will do that. im sure they have some of the same questions as I do :)
text:yes, and maybe you will understand parts that some of them don't.	labels:Yeah you're right. maybe I'm not as hopeless as I thought.
text:of course, I also struggle all the time.	labels:yea we all struggle all the time.
text:Anything else I can help you with?	labels:No I feel a little better. thank you for your time :)	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there! How are you doing today?	labels:im doing ok just a bit sad. hbu.
text:I am fine! Thanks for asking. May I know the reason you are sad, if you'd like to share?	labels:Yeah I'm just sad that I havent been able to see my friends in a long time. I had a very stron social support group but ever since the lock down I havent really been able to see anyone.
text:I understand exactly how you feel. My flight tickets were cancelled and my plans to visit my family and friends after 2 years went up in flames! But, this pandemic is never-seen-before event and certain restrictions are unavoidable and life saving.	labels:Im sorry to hear that :( yeah the virus has been putting a huge damper on everyone's mood. I just miss seeing my friends.
text:All of us are in this together and if you tolerate short term inconveniences (lockdown, masking up, social distancing), long term benefits are multi fold. You want your friends to be around when all of this is over, am I right?	labels:I hope they wil be. Yeah social distancing is a must I wouldnt want to get sick.
text:Apologies, I didn't mean to make you sad further by sharing my own sob story! At the end of the day, these restrictions are what keeping me healthy.	labels:Do you have any advice?
text:That's great! I believe, in this age of technology and social media frenzy, you are not totally cut off from your friends.	labels:Yeah thats true.
text:Yes, can you try organizing a virtual get together?	labels:Its just hard to find time to interact with them. I should try that.
text:Cool! There are lot of online games that have been invented after the lockdown came into effect. You can try searching them online and playing it with your friends.	labels:Yeah thats a great idea. How do you keep in touch with your freinds?
text:We were missing our colleagues at workplace and we planned an online quiz + dumb charade and it was really enjoyable.	labels:That sounds like a good time :) I should try to organize something like that with my buddies too.
text:At this point, only through video call. I am middle aged and even if I can travel and visit friends in person, I will NOT because I may be asymptomatic and possible infect my friends or worse their aged parents.	labels:Oh yeah for sure. As much as I miss my friends I would never risk getting them or myself sick by visitng them.
text:Sure! At the end of the day, health is wealth. Vaccines are already on their way and this too shall pass. So, hang in there :) That's a great choice. Small steps we take now will ensure great benefits later.	labels:Thanks :) Well said. Thank you for taking to time to chat with me I feel a bit better. Im going to try organizing a get together online maybe that'll help everyone.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what can I help you?	labels:I just need help deciding what to do.
text:What are you contemplating for?	labels:I was doing okay in school, but when we had go virtual, I lost all my friends.. I want to quit school and just go home. But my parents would not be happy..
text:why do you think so?	labels:I don't see anyone but my roommate and she has a boyfriend. I'm so lonely!
text:How about joining a club at school to know more people?	labels:We are in a lockdown because of COVID. So the clubs are not doing anything.. I know I'm not the only one feeling this way.
text:So you're stuck with your roommate but she doesn't care about you?	labels:She's just busy with her boyfriend. They go out on hikes and stuff, but they just want to go by themselves. I'm just on my own all the time.
text:Everyone feels that, and it's totally normal. Don't be too harsh on yourself.	labels:Do you think I should quit school and start again next fall?
text:Why don't you do something on your own? Read a book, do some crafts? I don't think you should do that. Who knows how next year's gonna look like? It might be even worse.	labels:I have. I've worked on my schoolwork, but it has been very easy. I also paint. But I need people.. At home, I had all my friends around. Of course, we weren't in a pandemic then. This pandemic is making everyone feel lonely I think.
text:How about doing video call with your friends at home?	labels:I hadn't thought about that!  They are all at different schools, but maybe I can do a Zoom meeting for all of us.
text:I totally feel you, I feel stressed out and very uncertain throughout this pandemic. You are not alone.	labels:I guess my friends may be feeling stressed too. Maybe I'll try and start a Zoom party!  We could plan a time and wear pajamas and just sit and talk..
text:Exactly, I do virtual happy hour with my friends every month.	labels:That sounds like fun! Why don't you do a virtual happy hour every week?
text:Not only that, when you feel lonely, text your friends and share it with them or your family. Oh I am too busy to do that once a week. All of us are actually.	labels:I have been afraid to tell my parents how I'm feeling. I don't want them to worry about me. I want them to know I'm lonely, but not freak out about it :-)
text:I don't think so. Maybe they are waiting for you to say first and give you advice, they have more experience after all.	labels:That's true. And I do know my mom is working from home now and she's a really social person. It's probably getting to her too.
text:if that's the case, you can use this chance to be there for her. I think talking to your mom will help you both.	labels:Yes, I'll probably call her and my dad tonight. I'll let them know I'm a bit sad and lonely, but not so much that they worry. And then I'll start planning my virtual party with my friends!
text:Sounds like a great plan. I believe you can overcome this together.	labels:At least the party will give me something to look forward to!
text:Yes, right now I'm trying to teach myself one day at a time mindset.	labels:That seems like a smart thing to do. None of us can really do anything to make the pandemic go away. We just have to get through it one day at a time. Thank you for helping me come up with a plan!
text:That's the right mindset. I 'm glad I could be some help.	labels:Enjoy the rest of your night!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood evening ! How are you on this cold fall night.	labels:Not too good. I am owed a lot of money by my friends but they aren't paying me back blaming covid.
text:I can understand how stressful this could be for you! I would feel taken advantage of too. Have you asked them when they thought they could pay you. Have you asked them when they thought they could pay you. sorry I am not sure why it typed twice. Have your friends ever borrowed money before?	labels:Yes, as recently as yesterday, but they keep delaying. And as though rubbing salt to wound, I can see them spending on personal goods instead of returning the money to me.
text:I would be furious too!.	labels:I am not sure if they have borrowed before, but sure as hell, they have not returning any loan I can tell. *they are not.
text:I just meant if they had borrowed in past and returned it than maybe they were telling the truth but since you saw them blowing money that s rightfully yours is a problem. Can you talk to a mutual friend of both of you or if you are close maybe their family ?	labels:Absolutely. This has put me in a tight spot financially. I can try talking to their family but I am afraid I am not that close to their family.
text:I understand and have been in your shoes and its NO FUN and they don't get to borrow ever again. . Have you explained just how much of an issue it is to them and flat out tell them you saw them spending money on junk etc when they could have given to you . Something is better than nothing . Maybe work out a plan of 50 a week if they work?	labels:May be I can try that, $50 a week or asking them to pay in instalments sounds like a good idea. Problem is I loaned hard cash and I need as cash, not digital transfers.
text:And depending on how much of a  friend they are you need to see if this is worth losing friendship over. I mean if you are great friends I d lay low and never let them borrow again. IF you only knew them a short while and felt sorry for them and lent them money than I D talk to parents or someone.	labels:I don't want to lose my friends, because they are the only people that helped me when I shifted to this city. But I don't like them taking undue advantage of me either.
text:Id be like I helped you when you needed xxx to do get buyxxx . Now its becoming an issue and I can't pay my bills.  I wanted to help you now can you please give me cash of xxx for xxx starting next friday.. Yes friends are hard to come by and you certainly don't need anyone to ever take advantage of you.   But the other side is do you want this person to be your friend if you can't trust them and they are showing you no disrespect or attempt to pay you back?	labels:It's a good plan. Due to lockdown restrictions, I am unable to travel places. May be if I show up at their doors, they'll pay me back. I am gonna see if talking to them and asking for small payments works first.
text:Awesome!  Good luck! If that doesn't work we can chat again and try something else. Keep safe and Keep the faith .  Personally I would recommend praying if you believe as I do!!!	labels:Yes, I do pray and it has worked in the past. Let me try to stay calm and follow your ideas. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nHi, I am doing well thank you, how are you doing?	labels:I'm okay, just a little stressed.
text:is there anything specifically that is stressing you out the most right now?	labels:I'm just having a hard time dealing with hurtful things people have said to me. I feel no self-worth.
text:that is really hard. Are you able to tell these people how their words are making you feel?	labels:Are you there?
text:I am, did you not receive my last message? are you there?	labels:I did not receive it, I'm sorry.
text:I said: that is really hard. Do you feel comfortable telling these people how their words hurt you?	labels:I can't unfortunately. No one involved in the case may speak to each other.
text:it sounds like you are really stressed out about the situation and are overwhelmed with how to figure out a path forward.	labels:Yes, it has been difficult and I feel very alone. Thank you for listening.
text:just from chatting with you I can feel how anxious you are, but i think you are doing you're best and continuing to try hard! I am happy to help and be a shoulder to lean on.	labels:Thank you!
text:you're welcome!	labels:I hope you have a great rest of your day :)
text:You as well, keep up the great work!	labels:Thank you, that's very encouraging.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Good evening!
text:What's your problem?	labels:I am having anger issues and thinking nasty thoughts toward my husband.
text:Is this because of something he does or you are experiencing angry issue with everything?	labels:Mostly because of how he treats me lately. He makes disrespectful comments.... Are you female or male.
text:So from what I understand, you think your anger is because of your husband's fault. Have you talked to him about his behavior? I am female.	labels:No it wouldn't do any good I am afraid. Whenever I try to stand up for myself he says Oh here we go again Poor you etc. Like just tonight I mopped floor and he came up and said What are you sick ?  Youre actually cleaning. Than I said yes I was actually on my hands and knees last week when I mopped and he. said well get used to being on your knees. and touched himself.
text:That's gross. I can't believe he said all those things to you. I'm sorry you have to hear those words from your husband.	labels:He's always saying stuff like that and constantly trying to refer to lets just say going down.
text:You need to stand up for yourself. I know it's difficult and as you said, won't even do any good. However, if you keep your silence, he'd think it's okay to treat you that way because he has power over you.	labels:I know even my good friends that know me and everything that is said agrees with you.
text:I'd advise you to disclose this to a family member and have them with you (on the phone) when he starts talking like that. that way the other person can call him off.	labels:My mom already knows and his parents are dead and he has no relations with any other family. . HE wont listen He knows everything and its HIs way or else. He is very controlling.
text:if you want, you can talk to him one last time and let him know it's enough. I fhe doesn't change, you will cut off with him. You have to stand up for you self first before expecting him to do that.	labels:Thats true and its time for a change. Thank you so much . I do feel better.
text:If he intimidates you, you should practice what to say and then do the talk in public or when someone else is around. I believe you can do it.	labels:Thank you . Its sounds like you know what you are talking about. Ill try it.
text:I hope you at least will be able to settle with your husband.	labels:Well I can try and pray it does. I need to get my boys ready for bed as it is a school night. thanks again.
text:Have you ever threatened to leave him?	labels:yes i have years ago. and he threatened to take boys.
text:Then you should do it for real this time and see if he changes..	labels:and he would prove I am an unfit mom.
text:The mom always has an upper hand in these issues.	labels:but he has photos of dirty house and that I was dignosed with major clinical depression.
text:You should also have photos of clean house to prove against him.	labels:I do.
text:as for depression, as long as you have proof youre seeking treatment, you should be fine.	labels:I used to but he wont let me get treatment. He doesnt believe in therapy for me him familly etc.
text:do it secretly, behind his back.	labels:there is no way I can. he tracks everything.
text:it all comes down to you have to let him see that you can stand on your own. He's treating you like this because he thinks he can control you.	labels:ok I need to go take care keep safe.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.	labels:Hey there. hows it going.
text:Doing well thanks and yourself?	labels:Im alright, just feeling a bit under the weather.
text:What's going on?	labels:Im just sad that I havent been able to see any of my friends since march.
text:Oh I definitely know the feeling of not hanging out with friends.  This has really been a bad year! Do you ever Zoom with your friends?	labels:No not really. I havent had a lot of time recently because of my studies :( I message them once in awhile om facebook but we havent chatted much.
text:Messaging on Facebook isn't quite as fun as hanging out in person.  I use Zoom to meetup with family and friends.  I had never heard of it until this pandemic hit.	labels:Yeah i havent heard of it either before covid. I use it sometimes for class but never for chatting with friends. I just wish we could hang out again you know?
text:I most certainly do know!  I just think to myself daily that this vaccine is going to get things back to normal.  Hang on, we're almost there.  In the meantime I suggest Zoom.  It really does make things somewhat less isolating.	labels:Thank goodness the vaccine is being developed.
text:We're almost there!	labels:Yeah i guess ill give zoom a try. do you and your friends do anything on zoom or just chat?
text:And if you have an iphone facetime some folks.  Zoom and Facetime are my friends now.  lol I almost daily at least Facetime my best friend. Especially in the evenings.	labels:Yeah I think ill try that. Chatting with my friends and seeing them (online) will hopefully make me feel better. thanks :)
text:I would try it.  Also Meetup is doing virtual meetings. . You're welcome!  We have to look out for one another!	labels:Ill give them a shot :) thanks for your time. have  a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:okay right now.
text:I'm glad to hear that. Is there anything in particular you wanted to discuss?	labels:i am 66, my immediate family is dead, no kids, in touch only with a cousin who is a very troubled person, sometimes her depression spreads to mine, limited friends, COVID makes conditons more sad.
text:That definitely sounds like a rough situation and I'm sorry to hear about it, though I'm glad you decided to reach out..	labels:i unloaded a lot on you but current situations do not feel good.
text:That's what I'm here for. I want to support you in any way I can, especially given your situation. Did you want to talk just to talk? Or we can discuss a way to work through what you might be dealing with mentally? It also sounds like keeping in touch with your cousin isn't helping in any way, so maybe we can talk about how to handle that? I am entirely at your disposal.	labels:she is my age, in a homeless women's, very bad living conditions, she is a mental health client but treatment team seem so to feel that as long as they keep her medicated, their job is done.  she has a dx of bipolar and probably has borderline personality.  her background is similiar to mine,  i cannot abandon her as her other family has done.
text:That's definitely difficult and it's easy to see why it wears on you so much. As much as you don't want to abandon her, it's important to remember to take care of yourself too. It's like when you're on a plane and the safety pamphlet tells you to put on your own oxygen mask before helping others with theirs. You might not be able to help your cousin as much as you want to if you are suffering too much. Are there any mental health resources you've tried for yourself other than reaching out here?	labels:on antidepressant meds, COVID makes it hard to keep in touch with provider, your comparison about the oxygen mask is a good one. .
text:I see, it certainly doesn't help that it's difficult to keep in touch with your provider. I have a website that contains a list of support groups provided by NAMI. Would you be interested in it? Many of the support groups are offered multiple times a week online, so you wouldn't even have to leave your home.	labels:a possible path to look into. thanks.
text:Of course, here's the link: namimainlinepa.org/online-and-telephone-support-groups/.	labels:thanks. may be a good time to close on a positive note.  like suggestions.
text:Sounds good. Was there anything else you wanted to discuss?	labels:not right now but thanks for your concern.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello :)	labels:This is a tough one. since starting a new job and being around really smart people and feeling that I can't really measure up anymore. I'm finding this really tough, I'm good at my job I'm very committed but I just don't seem to get the same results as others?
text:So it sounds like you feel like you don't measure up to your co-works because they are getting different results than you?	labels:that is certainly part of it however I also feel like they have more experience than me so maybe I'm just putting too much pressure on myself?
text:I would completely agree with that statement you are much newer than your co-workers. I believe you that you are very committed to your job. I am sure that with time you will get the same results as them if not better! Are there any co-workers you feel close to or see a friendship developing with?	labels:that's nice of you to say but I also don't feel as organised. I suppose that's to be understood in a new job scenario.. Yes there are a few really nice co-workers.
text:Of course! With time you will get the hang of it. Well thats good to hear! Maybe you could ask one of them to coffee and express how you are feeling. I would bet that they felt the same when they started..	labels:I think what I do is so complicated I sometimes wonder if I've been off more than I can chew. is this something you can relate to?
text:That certainly is something I can relate. There was a period of time in school where i signed up for way too many classes and had to drop out of a few. If you feel like you are in over your head it is ok to take a step back. It is important that you take care of your self and know your limits. :)	labels:I suppose it's difficult to know when something is too much for you or if you need to give it more time..
text:I would say if you are showing signs for several weeks of being overwhelmed (tired, stressed, snappy etc.) That is probably is too much.	labels:Thankshe problem is I've worked really hard to get a better position and if I wasn't successful and feel like a failure. maybe I should look at it like this job just isn't for me if, like you say, I can't seem to get on after several weeks.
text:I would say thats the right option if this persists. I am sure there are other jobs that would fit you well!	labels:Yes I suppose that is true actually. Just because I'm not good at this job, doesn't mean I wouldn't be great others. I suppose it's best to give it a go and see at least then you can say you tried. have you ever put too much pressure on yourself?
text:Yes i have and it did not end well I burned out and couldn't do my job at all..	labels:Ah, so you have suffered with a similar situation. it is comforting to know the others face similar challenges and it's not just me.
text:Of course you are not alone!	labels:I think I'll give this a good few weeks and ask myself how I think I'm doing then go from there. Thanks for the chat and your suggestions.
text:I think that is a great idea I wish you luck! Remember no matter what you will find somewhere you belong!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello, how are you?	labels:Honestly I'm not doing too great. hbu.
text:I'm doing ok, Is there anything you would like to chat about?	labels:Yeah my long time partner cheated on me recently and I just found out. I havent been able to see them in awhile because of lock down and now they tell me this :(
text:That is horrible I am so sorry they done that to you.	labels:thanks. its just been such a hard couple of months because of the virus. And now with this I just dont know what to do.
text:I have been cheated on in the past and it always messes with your mind just know it is nothing to do with you it is all them, yes this virus is horrible on everyone it took us all by surprise at how bad it is.	labels:Yeah its an awful feeling and I just feel really sad.
text:I know it's heartbreaking, have you reached out to a friend or family member sometimes opening up to someone close is the best way to let every feeling out.	labels:I haven't spoken to anyone yet I dont want to bother anyone.
text:don't ever think you are a bother to anyone. You are loved by those close to you and I am sure they would be great comfort during this.	labels:Yeah I guess I should talk to someone about it. what else do you think I should do?
text:When I got cheated on by my ex, I took time to build my self confidence up, build my happiness up, I wrote a letter telling him how it hurt and every feeling and then I ripped it up and threw it away it felt good getting my feelings out. it might help you to.	labels:Yeah maybe I should try that. What else do you think would help?
text:letting them go is the major one you don't ever want to be with someone who cheats on you if they do it once and you forgive them they 9 times out of 10 will do it again.	labels:Yeah I definitely will not be going back to them. They've hurt me too much and I wont be able to trust them again.
text:exactly and once they break your trust it can't ever be fully repaired again you will always have that doubt in your mind about them.	labels:yeah. thanks for sharing your experience with me. I feel a little better now :)
text:you are very welcome I hope everything gets better for you. And that once your heart is healed you find someone who truly loves you and doesn't do that to you. you are very welcome I hope everything gets better for you. And that once your heart is healed you find someone who truly loves you and doesn't do that to you.	labels:Thank you :) Thank you for spending the time to chat with me I hope you have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello.  How's it going?	labels:I've not been doing great to be honest. I'm finding it hard to stay positive with all these constant lockdowns and restrictions.
text:I can agree.  There are so many places going back to where we were several months ago.  Which state do you live in?	labels:I'm actually from the UK. I live in the North of the country near Manchester and things are bad here right now.
text:I agree it's bad!  Where I live in the US our numbers are going back up and the kids are being home schooled again.  I just keep thinking this is temporary! .	labels:Yes I suppose it does help to think it possible not for the long term but my friends seem to be dealing with it better than I am and I'm not quite sure why it's put me in such a sad emotional state. I should just get on with it but have very low motivation.
text:I have to say it's hard to find motivation and I was in that spot at the beginning.  With news of vaccines being introduced here shortly, that's what's keeping me afloat.  Are you able to hang out with friends?	labels:no not really because I'm not supposed to mix with people outside of my household. I could potentially try and meet them virtually online or on a video call is this something you've had much experience with?
text:Oh very much so!  Zoom and Facetime are my best friends right now.  lol I think that's one of the reasons why I snapped out of my depression is because I started doing that more since we couldn't go out and do anything.	labels:Ok that's interesting so you have also suffered with depression in the past? exactly how did you get out of it yourself?
text:I downloaded Zoom around the end of May.  The first two months were the worst. I had never heard of Zoom until a friend said we should have a virtual party so he organized it and there were 11 on the call.  It was so much fun despite the fact. Maybe organizing a "zoom party" would start to lift your spirits.	labels:that's a really good suggestion. I could also catch up with friends that haven't seen for a while. I think this would definitely work to boost my mood. The only problem is being depressed isn't something that I'm familiar with. what if it goes a little bit deeper than this?
text:Depression sucks I have to say!  Just don't let it win.  Since you say it's something you have never dealt with, you can fight it by staying upbeat and do something fun.	labels:Sure, or something conversations like this help perhaps a support group would be a good idea also?
text:Start off by not being hard on yourself for feeling the way you do.  Music, tv and books does it for me - and zoom. Most definitely.  Do you have Meetup over there?	labels:I've never heard of this, what is it?
text:It's an app on mobile devices where you can (when there's no pandemic) meet up with folks who share common interests as yourself.  Nowadays instead of meeting in person, they are doing virtual meetups.  I do it with a book club.	labels:I think something to take my mind off the current situation would be really good. I like the idea of a virtual book club. is it free?
text:Totally free!	labels:I like the sound of that, thanks for your help.
text:You are so welcome.  Just don't let that depression get the best of you.  You're stronger than it is.	labels:thank you for the vote of confidence.	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you today?	labels:Hi there. I'm OK but have had a difficult time at work recently.
text:i am sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about it?	labels:Yes I have been given what I can only describe as ridiculous feedback by my manager and it had annoyed me greatly. I'm thinking about complaining about it.
text:It is always hard to hear any bad feedback, do you feel that you could speak with your manager about it and try to resolve the feelings?	labels:I could do but this seems to be something that she has an issue with and I wouldn't want it to damage our working relationship. She basically said she doesn't like the way I sit in meetings and smile when I'm thinking about something?
text:Could you possibly go to her and tell her that you have heard the feed back and you are sorry to hear that it bothers her that you did not realize it and it is something you will work on becoming more aware of. You seem like such a nice person i am sure if you approached it the right way you would not cause any damage.	labels:I'm thinking perhaps I should go to a different manager and voice these concerns. I don't see how I sit in meetings or how I smile when I'm thinking to be constructive work based feedback it's really frustrating it's clear this person just doesn't like me.
text:Going to another manager may be a great idea! Maybe the manager could address the issue with her and help her to realize there is nothing wrong with a having happy employee like yourself.	labels:yeah that's true I mean I'm almost thinking this manager needs to be retrained because this video isn't work related is really quite petty an actually makes me consider not working for her in future. The only problem is I need my job I need a steady income but this person just seems to have it out for me.
text:Yes i can see where that would be a problem.	labels:perhaps I'm just making too much of a big deal about this. how would you react if someone gave you similar feedback in work?
text:Do you think you could speak to this other manager about possibly transferring positions so you are not working under your current manager?	labels:I haven't actually thought about that as a solution but that might work actually. I think maybe I'm overthinking this but I've taken it very personally.
text:Well you have a right to feel how you do, everyone takes things differently. It would bother me but i would proably try to get to know her better to see why she has such a problem with others being happy, maybe she has some problems going on in her life and has no one to share these problems with if she is not happy it may come as a struggle to see others happy all the time.	labels:I think that's an interesting perspective. she might have issues herself and be taking them out on members of her team in work which is quite sad really. Do you think I should just be blunt and ask her the question?
text:I would let her know nicely that some things she said has been hurtful and ask if there is anything on her mind that she would like to chat about that you would be glad to talk with her.	labels:so be supportive but also make it clear that what she has said has had an impact on me?
text:Yes you are such a positive person that i think you being supportive will help open up communication, and yes you should make it known that she has said something that has affected you personally and in addressing it may help her not treat others that way in the future.	labels:ok great I'll definitely try that and try and put this advice into practice.
text:In the mean time try to not take it personally you really seem like a nice person so i dont think she meant to cause you any harm.	labels:yeah maybe I should stop being too serious, I'm trying to see the funny side of it. Thanks again!	episode_done:True
text:Hello :)\nHello how are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing well how bout yourself?
text:I am also doing well, thank you for asking! :) What did you come here to talk about?	labels:I've just been feeling down about school the last couple of months. I havent been doing as well since covid. and I'm kind of upset at my self for it.
text:Oh I see. Yeah these times right now are really difficult to feel motivated and get things done, especially when a lot of school is online.	labels:Yeah the online schooling is tough for me. I cant seem to be motivated and I really miss seeing all my buddies at school. I haven't seen anyone in person other than my family since march :(
text:I get that 100%. It's also been really hard on me to not be able to see the people I'm close too. I don't live with family anymore, so I haven't seen my family for months either. So I understand where you are coming from. But you shouldn't feel upset at yourself for how you are feeling. It is completely normal, and I'm sure all your friends are feeling the same way! I have a few things I would like to share with you about how I have been getting through it. Maybe it will help you out :)	labels:the virus has been hard on everyone hasnt it. sure thing :) share.
text:Usually I find myself just cooped up inside my room doing the same routine over and over again. That can put us into depressive, unmotivated moods. The thing that started helping me the most, was changing that routine even a little bit. If I feel unmotivated, I like to change my surroundings! Usually for me, that means moving to the living room, or to the back porch. As silly as that sounds, it really helps to switch up where you are trying to get things done. It's also really helpful to try and do new things if you are feeling unmotivated. Obviously that is difficult right now, but there are definitely things you can try! Like going on walks outside, or trying new little hobbies. I personally have tried out drawing and typing to help distract me when I am feeling overwhelmed.	labels:You bring up a good point about changing environment. I feel like everyday is the same day samething over and over that might be why I'm feeling so down. Plus i work in the basement so I dont get much sunlight. Maybe I'll try moving to the living room :) I've picked up a couple hobbies and they definitely help keep me busy but with school and all I find I dont have a lot of time for them.
text:Oh yeah that probably is taking a bit toll on you working in the basement. I definitely suggest moving to the living room every now and then just to feel that small change. :) You could also plan out your days if it would help! Try and find time for the things that will bring you joy, whether that involves waking up earlier, or moving some routine things around.	labels:Yeah maybe I should do that.
text:And I can tell you really do miss your friends, so it's super important to make time to talk to them too!	labels:gotta switch things up. Yeah I should chat with my friends more too. Its hard to fine time but I should try.
text:It is definitely hard, but it's important for your mental health to keep the people you love close to you :)	labels:very very true especially in these difficult times. Im hoping they get the vaccine developed asap. and everythiung can go back to normal.
text:Yes exactly. And yeah that will be so nice when we are finally able to leave again and feel normal. But unfortunately we can't wait around for that since it's so up in the air recently. So I'm glad that you are wanting to change little things in your life to keep you happy until then.	labels:Yeah thank you for your advice ill try implementing them in my life more. I feel much better now :) thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Are you there?\ngoodness  i am so sorry! my browser did not make a noise. how are you doing? sorry i kept you waiting!	labels:That is okay! I'm glad you're here.
text:Awww, thanks. How are things going in your world today?	labels:I'm doing alright I suppose, just trying to do a few mturk tasks to feel like I'm accomplishing something. Waiting to hear back from unemployment and not hearing back from any job applications makes it hard to ever really relax.
text:Ah, i hear you. The lack of response makes it really easy for me to make up stories in my head and fear the worst.	labels:I've never done any computer based jobs before, I did live audio and carpentry before this, so I just feel like I don't qualify for anything, but I'm immune compromised so until this is over i don't know what other work I can safely do besides for something from my computer.... I just feel so terribly stuck.
text:I'm sorry. I know the feeling of not knowing where I fit in. Its a whole world shift, too.	labels:I haven't received any financial assistance from the government yet, I've been living off of loans from friends and what little of my art I've been able to sell. It's stressful. I just want my life back. I felt like I was on a really good career path at the first of the year, and now I just don't even know what o do.
text:That scattered feeling....trying to put the pieces back together....I've walked the same road this year. Would you be willing to mourn for what you had before? To let it go?	labels:I don't want to. If there is a vaccine in the first quarter of 2021 then the company I worked for before this will be able to go back to business, and I've been assured my old job back. I'm just in limbo right now, figuring out how to survive until then and keep from going crazy.
text:you have determination! There is fire within! Tell me, what brings you joy?	labels:Music (that's why I was in the music industry before this haha) and art. I paint and do woodburning. I also love my cats, they spark a lot of joy. Thank you for chatting with me, and helping me earn the maximum bonus for this task! I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! Good luck in your own endeavors..
text:but of course! it was a pleasure to connect. keep chasing joy daily!	labels:oh, I think you need a couple more inputs on your end to finish.
text:oh good, well i got inputs to put!	labels:Perhaps you could tell me what brings you joy?
text:YES! for one, this mturk task is AMAZING  to me. Connection has been a huge boon for me this year. I thrive on helping others realize their strengths.	labels:I'm glad you're enjoying it, I like this task too.
text:between that and creation, i love to express myself. art, movement, building something.....its all just me expressing myself, getting my head into the world.	labels:That is beautiful! Keep it up!	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you doing today?	labels:Im not doing very good.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that, but I would love to help. What is going on?	labels:My boyfriend broke up with me because we kept fighting and now I have no money and no place to stay.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. breakups are definitely hard to go through, especially in the times we are in right now. How long were you guys together? And you were living together?	labels:We were together for almost 5 years and we were living together he had all the money in his name and I have nothing now.
text:Oh I see that was a very long relationship! I actually just got out of a 3 1/2 year one myself, so I understand how hard it is. Are you still currently staying with him until you find your own place? Or are you staying somewhere else?	labels:I am currently trying to find a way to get to my mom who lives about 150 miles away. Im staying with my friend for now but she said I can only stay for 2 more days. Yeah break ups are the worst.
text:I'm glad to hear that you are with a friend right now during this hard time, and that you have a place to go! But I see the struggle is finding a way to get there.	labels:Yeah she is a good friend im happy that I can stay with her for the time being its just stressful trying to get to my mom.
text:If you are struggling on finding a way back to your moms house, it might be a good idea to loan or borrow some money from either friends or family, or open a credit card just for the time being. Then once you get back to your mom's, you can start focusing on yourself and get yourself back on your feet! IT's important to not overwhelm yourself right now, so focus on one thing at a time.	labels:Yeah I definitely agree. I am waiting to hear back from capitalone about getting approved for a credit card and my friend said she can loan me 70$ but the bus ticket to my mom is 150$ so I'm almost to my goal I'm working on it though. It does make me feel better to talk about it though and lay it all out it makes it easier to figure my stuff out.
text:That is great to hear! I know that you are probably also hurting from the breakup itself too, but I'm glad to hear that you are focusing on getting yourself to a safe place first. It's going to take a long time to fully heal again, but as long as you make sure you are stable, you will be able to get through this. It also sounds like you know what you need to do, and you aren't letting yourself forget what is important. That is wonderful.	labels:Yeah thanks I appreciate that. I feel a lot better I hope you have an awesome day! I do understand what I need to do for sure. It was just overwhelming thinking about everything and talking it and listing it out makes me feel better for sure.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there! How may I support you today?	labels:im just feeling anxious about my job future. A lot of my colleagues are having trouble getting their licenses because of covid. which means we wont be able to work.
text:That must be hard. COVID has really turned our world upside down! What type of occupation are you in?	labels:I'm studying to be a pharmacist. Really scared of getting sick too since I have to work in hosptials and such.
text:That's great! It is because of front-line workers and people like you that we are at least able to put a fight against the pandemic! My hat tip to you for choosing your line of profession. Major pharma companies have already announced vaccines and they have a success rate of more than 90 -95%. So my friend, this too shall pass..	labels:Yeah  I've been reading those research articles recently they look promising. I'm hoping the vaccines get developed early next year and everything can go back to normal.
text:I feel the same way too! Modern technology is indistinguishable from magic!. So hang in there, with the US election results and the vaccine announcement, things will surely get better..	labels:Yeah it's looking like things will improve.
text:If you are in North America, the pandemic rate will go high due to combination with flu season, but at the end of the day, we will develop herd immunity.	labels:Yeah not looking forward to flu season. I wish people would just stop throwing parties and getting everyone sick.
text:Well, nobody is, my friend! But it's part of life. And ya, morons will exist all over the world. Since you are young, even if you contract, you will recover pretty easily. But, God forbid, if you do, please practice social distancing and stay home!	labels::( yeah they do don't they. Yeah i'll definitely keep my self isolated if im sick. im worried about all my  friends too because all of us will be out working in hospitals soon.
text:I hope you don't get sick. Just follow what your supervisors advise you to and apply your own knowledge into practice. I am sure it will work out great for you and your friends! Friends make life worth living and I am sure you all will do great. Good luck!	labels:thanks :) I'll try to take care of my self hopefully I end up helping a person or two.
text:That's the spirit!. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	labels:No I think this has been a very productive conversation thank you for your time :)
text:Sure! Take care :)	labels:you as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, how are you doing?	labels:Not the best, but I'm surviving. hello?
text:By surviving, it is more of a personal situation or an outside dilemma affecting you. is it*	labels:I just haven't been able to find any work. I guess that is an outside dilemma, but being this behind on bills and feeling this helpless to change my situation has negatively impacted my mood.
text:I see what you mean. Finding work in this environment can be stressful as well. In any case, I can say that a good way to start is to account for all transactions you make.	labels:I have already been budgeting extensively, the issue is I can't make enough to cover my basic expenses, no matter how much I cut them.
text:Are you also pressed for time? Time management can be a predicament as well.	labels:I have lots of free time, just waiting for unemployment to respond to my claims, applying for jobs online, and trying services like mturk to earn what I can from home in the meantime.. I spend a good portion of my day trying to apply for everything I can and fixating on mturk tasks to make me feel like I'm accomplishing something.
text:Wow, it's slightly uncanny the way our situations are similar. For someone who is also not in the best place financially and just making the bare minimum, it can feel hopeless sometimes. I know you are feeling stressed at the moment, but I've realized focusing on the long term helps ease the pressure of current stressors.	labels:I get to a point in my day where it feels like I've done everything I can for that day, and then I just have to try not to get too stir crazy.
text:I feel that if you can focus on using your extra time as an investment into yourself (whether by reading, picking up a hobby, or working out), you can feel more accomplished and at ease with what you are doing in life.	labels:I've been trying to look ahead, but this year has already set me back so much from my intended career path that it's frustrating. I just want my life back. That is good advice. I have been doing a lot more art during this time.
text:Being progressive is difficult, but is one of the things in life which compound very easily. I believe many aspects in life are connected and that improving in some parts improves you as a whole.	labels:Some days it's tempting to just do nothing and wait for it all to be over, but I feel better when I accomplish something for the day.
text:And if these "improvements" can also make you money/increase your worth/ease your mind, then that can be called a success. In my opinion atleast..	labels:I wish someone was interested in buying my art! That would be a huge confidence boost.
text:Yeah, but imagine how it would if you had days like that knowing it isn't a bad thing to relax. You have already put in the work in being comfortable before, allowing to enjoy your time however way you wanted. Looks like you already have an interest which can help you in many ways in life. That's really good.	labels:yes, I miss being able to actually relax. When you are financially behind it feels like everything is just making it worse. thank you for chatting with me and helping me earn the bonus for this task!	episode_done:True
text:hello!!	labels:I am very depressed. I found out that my girlfriend is cheating on me with my friend!
text:that's really bad. even I was also in the same situation.	labels:I have been with her for close to 2 years and now she has been cheating me right under my nose for the past few months! how foolish of me to blindly trust her... How did you deal with it?
text:To be honest i was not completely came out it since it was 3 years but now i somehow getting better i tried to divert myself from the thoughts engage myself with other friends spend more time with my family like that. try to divert yourself, keep yourself busy, spend more time with family, try to minimize the usage of mobile.	labels:But my family is away from me in another country. I can't even go back due to this stupid covid! I feel betrayed and like dying.
text:yeah I could understand your feelings right now.	labels:I actually broke my phone in anger and damaged her credit card. I feel like slapping both of them so hard that they forget where they came from! but I can't do anything . I am helpless.
text: yeah its really hard to handle this state of mind but we need to.	labels:Why are girls like this?
text:I don't know but some girls were playing with a guys intense feelings.	labels:I know, right! Should I move on or should I take revenge?
text:I think the best way is to move on.	labels:I feel like giving it back to her though! but I may get into trouble ... ya you are right! She is going downhill anyway. my friend just got fired and I actually got a much better job!
text:make her feel like without her your life will be better.	labels:That's what I will do. I will live better in front of her and my back stabbing friend.
text:revenge her with your success and positive attitude in front of she you need to much more happy.	labels:Sure! You got it mate :) thanks for the support. Got a job and life in front of me. Bye now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I have been feeling a bit down lately. My levels of stress and concern have been higher since the pandemic began.\nSorry you have been feeling down. What are some strategies you have tried to help you cope?	labels:Well, I have tried to get my mind off of it by activities at home. Spending time with my family.
text:Those sound like positive ways of handling stress. It is natural of course to feel stressed out by the pandemic so it can be useful to think of ways to help manage that stress.	labels:Yes, but I still seem to struggle with feeling a bit more down than I'd like. Not sure what to do.
text:Have you tried meditation and/or deep breathing exercises? I know I find that helpful when I am worrying.	labels:I have tried meditation before, but quite a bit back. Do you have any activities you could recommend, without risking my health? Maybe in my own home, so that I can social distance.
text:One exercise I find helpful is lying on my back with a pillow under my head. I keep my legs bent and put a pillow under my knees for support. I then put one hand on my chest and one on my diaphram and slowly breathe through my nose feeling my stomach press against my hand. I then exhale slowly through my nose and repeat for about 10 minutes. It can be very calming.	labels:Okay, I will give that a try. I don't feel I'm at a level that I need therapy or medication, so this might be a good way to calm my nerves when I am feeling apprehensive or stressed out.
text:Good, I hope that helps. I would also trying to reach out to others who are experiencing the same. It is harder nowadays with covid but there are many online groups. You could even start your own group!	labels:Yes, I do find that there are times when I am on a social media outlet that it does seem to make me feel better. I can feel humor. But, it can be a bit depressing too. Maybe I should block the ones that have mostly negative posts?
text:I hear you on that. Sometimes social media can also be negative. I think that blocking negative posts is a great idea. It is a way of taking control.	labels:I wished I had some more ideas on some fun, interesting or things to fill my time at home. I often feel I get in a bit of a rut with the same thing. Since we are home more now.
text:Are there any hobbies that you have been interested in but never had the time for? Or perhaps hobbies that you used to do but have not tried in awhile?	labels:Well, I used to read quite a bit more, but I have slowed down on it. Maybe I should go and grab a few books. Thanks for the idea!
text:You are quite welcome. I too find reading to be a most welcome escape. It takes one's mind off of day to day worries.	labels:Yes, let's us escape to another world. I'm glad you got my mind on that. I feel better!
text:Perhaps you could look into book groups as well. There are probably quite a few online these days. Glad I could be helpful!	labels:I will do that! Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi good afternoon, I am seeking support for my anxiety related to my job. Is this something you can help me with?\nHey there, please do share! I would love to help! Why is your job causing you to have anxiety?	labels:Wonderful! My job is causing me some stress and anxiety. Everything is usually good except for my one coworker who tries to boss me around. She is very unhelpful and hypocritical. You cannot even talk to her without her interrupting or being rude. I am trying to find a better way to deal with the situation.
text:I see, so you have difficulty dealing with a co-worker. Let ask, Is there anyway of talking to her about her behavior? Also does she behave this way with others?	labels:Yes, I believe she has an aggressive personality and there wouldn't be much of a difference in the way she acts or speaks to others. She never listens. I could try to have a conversation but in the past it has been difficult.
text:What I do recommend is contacting a mediator or someone from HR and having a sit down. Since clearly this is affecting you at work and outside of it. Talking to HR should help.. What do you think?	labels:That is a good recommendation, I have tried to relax and relieve stress in other outlets and not let it get to me or take it personally. Our office is small so it would likely just be my boss who I have mentioned it to before. I think of it as she may not be working here that much longer. and is only part time now.
text:Honestly don't let it stress you out, don't bring issues at work back home. I also recommend finding ways to destress, listening to music, lightning candles or starting a series on netflix.	labels:Thats true, it is good to put it in that perspective and to have another opinion on the subject. And think of another way to handle everything.
text:Glad to help!	labels:Thank you very much!
text:No problem, I hope enjoy the rest of your day!	labels:Thank you and same to you. I appreciate your support! What do you do to unwind after a stressful day.
text:Personally, I spend time with family. Then I have a can of seltzer, watch something on netflix and unwind.	labels:Netflix and seltzer have solved many of my problems.
text:Haha it's a winning combination. Maybe a salty snack or something sweet depending how stressful the day was.	labels:I am trying to force myself to go to the gym but I have little motivation some times esp having to wear a mask the whole time haha. I do miss snacking tho!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm not doing very well unfortunately. I failed my college finals, and now I'm up for Academic Probation.
text:I am so sorry to hear that, I'd love to understand more about what you are struggling with?	labels:I'm almost near gradution too.
text:Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Academic probation does seem very scary. When did you learn you failed your finals?	labels:I learned yesterday. Because of the pandemic the semester is shorter.
text:And how long do you have until graduation?	labels:I should be graduating in June.
text:I see. Well it's nice that we matched up! I actually work at a college and now a couple good strategies to get off academic probation, and or avoid it! What is it you are studying?	labels:You're a great resource then! I am majoring in Psychology with a minor in Biology.
text:Oh that is awesome! So when do you find out whether or not you are on probation?	labels:Likely in the next week. I registered for my classes for next semester but I think I should drop my minor. \
text:Okay gotcha. Well a couple tips I can offer you: If you do end up on probation, most courses offer a probation workshop you can go through. And if you graduate in June, it should finish in time for you! And I was also going to recommend taking fewer units. As much as it sucks, you can't overwhelm yourself with work. You need to be able to have a healthy and happy life that is separate from school in order to preform your best. Dropping your minor may be what is best for not only your grades, but your mental health. I also recommend making an educational plan. Although it can seem scary and long to see your goals directly laid out in front of you, it really helps with motivation.	labels:That's great advice and likely would be my best option. I will definitely do that. I feel better hearing that it's okay to drop my minor. I felt like a failure when I considered it.
text:From talking with you so far, I can tell that you are stressed about this. But I want to reassure you that your mental health should always come first. It is the most important thing you can do.	labels:Yes I am very stressed. I hate taking online courses and this pandemic is wearing me out. Plus I have a 2 year old son.
text:You are definitely not a failure in the slightest! In fact, I would argue that you are the exact opposite of that. Being able to take such difficult courses in a pandemic, and raise a child shows how strong you are!	labels:Thank you for saying that. It is tough, but I just want to finally finish my Bachelor's and do something positive.
text:And you will succeed in that goal. You have the motivation and the care for it, you just need to focus on managing everything at once! Have you thought about meeting with an academic advisor and laying out a plan?	labels:Yes. I had plans to. I am going to go an make an appointment immediately. I appreciate your time, encouragement, and support.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there.  How's it going?	labels:It's going okay. I'm just pretty worried about things.
text:What's going on?	labels:I'm going through a divorce and it's just a lot to deal with.
text:Divorce is tough.  Have been through it myself. Especially tough, I would imagine, in these times.	labels:Yes, it is especially hard because I live far away from all of my family and I am unable to visit with them.
text:Do you have any support in the area you live in?	labels:No, I do not really have any support in the area I live.
text:I'm glad you reached out.  Having support is something we all need.  Zoom and being far away isn't the ideal support I'm sure.	labels:Yes, it's not ideal, but it is nice to have support even if it is over the phone, Zoom, etc..
text:Most definitely.  I'm far away from my family too so Zoom and phone calls have been great despite the long distance.  Have you visited your family since Covid began?	labels:I was able to visit them once over the Summer, which was great!
text:That's awesome!  I'm planning on going to visit mine next Summer.  Are you able to see them before years end?  If not, maybe early next year? Hopefully Covid will be just a memory.	labels:I probably won't be able to visit them this year. But, hopefully things will calm down and I can visit them early next year some time!
text:What state do they live in?	labels:Most of my family is in Iowa. Others are spread out in other states.
text:Are you wanting to move back there?	labels:I have 2 children and do need to keep them close to their father, so I will likely be staying where I am. I have to go now. Thank you for chatting with me!	episode_done:True
text:hello!!	labels:I can't find a job since I've been staying home with the children so many years and am so ashamed I can't pay my bills now.
text:Do you lost your job because of pandemic.	labels:No, it's because I am a caregiver to my children for so many years and now people are like what experience do you have.
text:yeah that's a bad situation it seems.	labels:Yes, I don't know how to begin as it is stressful.
text:there are many companies that recruit freshers have a try on it.	labels:Where do I find them?
text:there are many online recruiting websites in internet you can register yourself with those websites and have a try over local industries.	labels:I'm not sure if a recruiter works as well as a regular application.  Do you have experience with one?
text:not me but my friend had an experience in that she registered in that website , she was called by a recruiter to attend  recruitment process.	labels:That sounds like a possibility.  I hope it would work for me.
text:otherwise if yo had an idea of starting a small business it is more better joining a job.	labels:I would love to do that.  How do you start?
text:there are many possibilities of starting a business. what we need is an innovative idea some amount for initial investment and many business can be started with minimum space like within home.	labels:That sounds very interesting and promising. I could also care for the kids still if needed.
text:yeah that's good for you and also your children.	labels:I appreciate all your help.
text:thankyou.	labels:You are welcome.  Have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon, what can I help you with today? .	labels:Hi, I'm just wanting to talk about my sadness that happens every now and then. Sometimes at night, (and only at night) I get in these super depressive moods and have almost mental breakdowns about everything in my life. But it doesn't happen all the time... only sometime and I don't know why.
text:That sounds like a really difficult situation to be in, I'm sorry to hear you're going through that. .	labels:Yeah it is, and I'm not sure why it happens.
text:Especially when the sun starts going down sooner, it can seem like we have less time, and as if things are closing in upon us. .	labels:Yeah exactly. Where I live, we just had daylight savings so it gets dark around 5:30 PM and it feels like my days are just wasted.
text:There are a few strategies you could use to combat that.  Personally, I try to soak in as much sunlight as possible before it goes down.  Sometimes that will mean moving your work space, maybe getting up earlier to have a cup of coffee in the sunrise, maybe it's scheduling breaks into your day where you specifically get some vitamin D. . As far as the intrusive and repetitive nature of the thoughts, have you ever consulted with a therapist or other mental health professional?  Obsessive thoughts are sometimes a sign of anxiety.	labels:Yeah that is good advice. I definitely need to work on getting myself up earlier in the mornings, I've just come so accustomed to my current sleep schedule. And in all honesty, I haven't tried a therapist yet... I'm scared it will be hard to open up to a stranger.
text:That's an understandable fear. . I challenge you to think about it as not too different from this chat here;  An opportunity to get some objective advice and perspective. .	labels:Wow yeah I didn't even really think about that... And I'm sure there are ways to get in contact with therapists without having to be face to face? I just like the anonymous aspect of it. I feel like I come across as weak if people see me for me.
text:Yes, BetterHelp is one of those I believe. TalkSpace is another one.	labels:Yeah that's true I have heard of BetterHelp. Maybe I should reach out on one of those platforms when  I feel like I am going into one of my depressive episodes.
text:It may be helpful!  As far as I understand it's exceptionally easy to switch between therapists on that service, too.  So if the first one is not a good fit, you can try someone else. . The biggest piece of advice that I can give you is some that I've recently been enacting for myself:  When you get into the spiral, and you can't shake the nasty repeated thoughts, even if you "need" to sleep, get out of bed and move to a different room.  Change the situation up, get some tea, sparkling water, whatever you want, but change what your body is literally doing. .	labels:Oh yeah! That's true! I will try it. And also try to incorporate a better sleep schedule. And that is very helpful thank you. I do live in a small apartment, but I have noticed that when I get out of bed and at least move to the couch, it is a different environment even though it wouldn't seem like it. I never thought how that would help me though. I will totally do it more often when I am slumping.
text:You sound optimistic and like you're open to trying new things to help, I think you're going to start feeling better soon. . LOL my friend calls that "vacation bed!" and sleeps on the couch over the weekend like it's a treat :-D.	labels:Yeah I definitely want to try what I can! And that is awesome haha the vacation bed! Love it. Thank you so much for our conversation! It really motivated me to try new things to help.
text:Things may take some time, but every time you take action to get better, it will help.  You are very welcome!. I hope you have a wonderful evening :-)	labels:Thank you! You as well.	episode_done:True
text:Hi!\nhello there, beautiful day isn't it?	labels:No not exactly. Whats so great about it.
text:oh no what's wrong?	labels:I am missing my mom a lot . I havent seen her in 6 months or more.
text:You seem really concerned about your mom! why haven't you been able to call her?.	labels:I do call her daily! I just havent been able to see her and hug her and spend time with her . My husband wont let me with Covid.
text:I know it is sooo hard. My mom lives so far away and I can't see her too because of COVID. the only thing that makes me feel a little bit better is that am not putting her at harm's way when I visit her.	labels:I have two boys and we used to see her at least once a week sometimes more. My mom is only 20min or less away and she doesn't drive.
text:How are your boys feeling about it?	labels:My oldest is sad my youngest 7 couldnt care less. He loves that he can just play roblox more . Hes OBSESSED with it.
text:To be fair Roblox is pretty fun. Have you seen those videos on Facebook where family members visit their families from behind the window? What do you think your husband will think about that?	labels:No he doesnt trust me not to go in the townhouse or use an excuse to go inside to be with her.  No I am forbidden to see her. He feels she is a risk to us and we are high risk so hes protecting us.	episode_done:True
text:I need help. I broke up with my girlfriend. and i'm very sad and don't know what to do. can you provide any assistance?\nI'm so sorry, the alert sound did not play for me.. I'm sorry to hear you broke up with your girlfriend, that is a rough situation to be going through. .	labels:yes, she cheated on me. i was suppose to marry her.
text:That is really hard.  Are you able to take some downtime and recalibrate, take care of yourself? When I've gone through break-ups in the past, it's been useful to really take care of myself and give myself some pampering. . Guilty pleasure TV and takeout Chinese food is always a good combination.  Tacos, too.  Maybe a bottle of wine, but not too much wine, just want to relax, not get sad.	labels:Yes, I am going to my mothers house to talk things over.. I have to drive 3 hours away.
text:Oh dear, that's a long time alone with your thoughts.. When I need to escape intrusive thoughts and rehashing things, I'll put on a podcast.  Or documentary, or something that's calm, straightforward and factual.	labels:yes, I know.  family is always important during time like these.
text:That's really good that you have that kind of relationship with your mom though!  Moms are awesome for that kind of stuff.  They can really make you feel protected and safe. . The vulnerability after a break-up is unreal.	labels:yes, i can always count on her to be there for me. my younger brother is always there for me too.
text:That's awesome.  Family support is crucial..	labels:i guess i'll go make myself a drink. and try to calm some nerves.
text:Just be easy on yourself and know that in the future, you will find someone new, someone much more suited to you. .	labels:yea, its hard because ive dated her for over 5 years.
text:I'm sorry you're going through this.  I wish I could have been more helpful.	labels:youve been a great help. any more advice?
text:It's very good that you have a support system though!  And that you have people out there waiting for you.  I hope you have a safe drive. .	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon, what can I help you with today? .	labels:I have a friend who is an alcoholic and just can't seem to quit drinking. They quit for a couple of weeks but always seem to go back.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, that is a rough situation to be dealing with. . What's very important for you to know is that you cannot control another person's actions. .	labels:It is. I care for them a great deal and do not like to see them this way. I just do not know how to help them anymore.
text:It's difficult for those close to an alcoholic to watch them destroy themselves. . I will tell you that you can only take care of yourself.  And you can only be honest with them about how their actions affect you. .	labels:He is a wonderful person when he isn't drinking, but is argumentative when they drink. I do, we have talked over and over about how this affects both of us. And he cares when he is sober, but it doesn't seem to be enough to keep him from going back.
text:You may need to take some time away from the friendship then.  To show him you are serious that you can't tolerate the behavior any longer. .	labels:I get that, but I am the person closest to him and he needs my support.
text:That's understandable.  But if you continue trying the same solution over and over again, but are getting the same result....	labels:true, but I do not think that not being here would help. it would only hurt him.
text:In that case, you should be sure to shore up your defenses and be prepared, because it will be hard.  You are a good friend, but don't lose yourself to save him. . Consulting some literature for friends and family of alcoholics may be useful as well, Al-Anon or something like that. .	labels:That is a good idea. I do worry that he would be upset if I shared this with others he might know. He is a really sweet person and worth the effort to help. he had a lot to give. has.
text:You should be able to find online Al-Anon groups, too. . I'm sure he does.  Don't forget that you do as well. .	labels:I had not thought of that. I thought you had to go to the meetings and that would be hard for me to do. I will definitely look into that!  I appreciate the suggestion!
text:It looks like they do offer online chats: http://al-anon.org/al-anon-meetings.	labels:And thank you for saying that I have things to give, I forget about myself in this sometimes. Thank you so much for that information. I had no idea!
text:So much like this chat here, you wouldn't even have to give your real name, nothing identifying, just support for you.  Supporting an alcohol is exhausting, and you will need resources. . And a place to vent..	labels:That is sooo true! Sometimes I just cry because I do not know what to do anymore.
text:Try not to demonize your own frustrations, be easy on yourself when it comes to feeling upset with the situation, and continue trying to let him know that he hurts you when he behaves like that. .	labels:Having a person to let me know I am not alone and give some support would be very helpful! That is great advice! I am going to look into that.
text:Absolutely :-)  I hope that it helps.  You sound like a very kind-hearted person, and I understand that your situation is complex.. Just remember that you are as deserving of relief as he is.  They always tell you on an airplane to put on your oxygen mask first, then others in your group. .	labels:And thank you for reminding me that I matter too!  It helps very much! I can't thank you enough!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, How can I help you?	labels:I'm feeling really anxious about my future. I'm not doing as well in college as I want to.
text:Is there anything else bothering you or it is only the college?	labels:Well, I was a great student in high school, but I've found that I'm really struggling with my college classes. I feel rather underprepared and that maybe I don't really belong here.
text:That's good, at least you identified your problem somehow, now is the time to begin solving it. What is stopping you to get prepared for the exams?	labels:It's just so much harder to concentrate since all my classes are online.. Honestly, I feel like my concentration is terrible these days.
text:I had the same experience in the past, I was doing fine in high school but soon after I entered the college I saw myself falling.	labels:How did you deal with it?
text:soon I realized that It's not high school anymore, It needs more effort and specially more time to comprehend the lessons. You can't just pass the exams by studying a day before the exam.	labels:Ugh, I have a huge problem with procrastination! It used to work in high school, but I guess I really do need to make changes..
text:I know It's hard these days by the pandemic and all online things.	labels:For some reason, it's a lot harder to ask questions online to my professors..
text:Then you find your answer by yourself, You NEED yo change.	labels:I guess, but I just feel like I really need someone else to explain things to me. I have such a hard time concentrating on my own.
text:And remember, your at college, You should start to seek the answers more by yourself and your college mates and be less dependent on professors.	labels:That's true, I guess I'm still thinking like I'm still in high school and I have a lot of bad habits to break.
text:Yes, I had all your problems but I tried to take the control little by little, the problem is still there but now I can manage it better.	labels:What was your strategy?	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.  How are you today?	labels:I'm good. how r u?
text:I'm doing good today.  What brings you on here?	labels:I'm not happy with an ex friend who talks behind my back to my current friends.
text:ugh.  There's nothing worse than that.  Have you confronted the ex friend?	labels:nope. we are not on speaking terms. We have sued each other in court before. we are past talking.
text:oh wow.  that's not much of a friendship!  So have you attempted at all to discuss it? What does the other friend think about it?	labels:they're still friends with me. if it gets bad enough i can sue her for slander.
text:that's an option but I hope it doesn't go that far again.  Have you tried maybe a mediation with the ex friend and your current friend?	labels:no. i don't want anything to do with her. if i find out my friends take her side they will be my ex friend too.
text:I can understand that.  You don't want two people disrespecting you. .	labels:absolutely not. i have a strong constitution about myself and don't allow to be disrespected by anyone.
text:I hear that!  What happened in court when you went? If you don't mind me asking.	labels:i tried to get an order for her to stay away from me. the first judge passed it but the second judge said it wasn't strong enough.
text:Sounds like maybe you should pursue it again if you can.  Has she been in contact with you?	labels:no. she hasn't done anything lately for me to get a court order. if she starts anything again i will get a lawyer and sue her.
text:Seems like a good idea.  Steer clear of her and don't associate with her!  Sounds like you're doing the right thing. Keep your side of the street clean.	labels:absolutely will avoid her. if she ever convinces my friends should i tell them i don't want to associate with them anymore?
text:I would if I were in your shoes.  You don't need two of the same person. Know what I mean?	labels:yeah exactly. people need to realize who's side to stay on.
text:LOL if only everyone had that thought process.  Some people don't get it!	labels:it's easier said than done. a lot of people are afraid of being alone and will put up with garbage.
text:Definitely sounds like you have the right tools and mindset to do the right thing! I know about the alone thing especially in these times.	labels:yeah it sucks lol.
text:Take those tools you have, steer clear of  her and do your own thing!	labels:i will. thank you for your advice.
text:Most definitely.  I wish you the best.  If you every wanna chat again just stop on by!	labels:thank ya! Likewise.
text:Take care!	labels:you too! bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon, how can I help you today? .	labels:Hi there, I am just stressed about giving a presentation tomorrow.
text:That is understandable, public speaking is one of the most commonly cited fears for people. . Is it for work or for school? .	labels:This presentation is for school. I am indeed worried about public speaking.
text:I actually majored in communication and have a great deal of experience with public speaking. .	labels:That's interesting, I find public speaking to be especially difficult.
text:Yes, the physical nervousness that can manifest is powerful.  I would highly recommend finding a quiet place to calm and focus your mind for at least five minutes before your presentation.  At least a minute's worth of breathing, and drink plenty of water. .	labels:That very helpful advice, I think another stressful factor is being able to field questions effectively.
text:Ah, yes, that is a hard one.  You are expected to be an expert.  But you can only prepare so much..	labels:Agreed, and there is always that fear that you won't know an answer.
text:"That is a really great question that I've never considered! Maybe XYZ?  I can check on that and get back to you with a sure answer though!" . There's no shame in being able to say that you understand why someone would ask the question(whatever it may be) but that you don't have a full or even partial answer right now. . Because you're also going to get like, the hecklers and the people who want to look intelligent by asking asinine questions.	labels:I can understand that, as a I try to prepare for the presentation it's stressing me out about all of the different types of potential questions. But the advice you gave is very good.
text:Just feel confident that you have fulfilled the assignment according to the guidelines.     Extra questions from students are wildcards and you can only handle them within the scope of the assignment. . If someone's like WELL WHY AREN'T THERE PURPLE PANDAS THEN, JEFF?!  you're gonna have to just laugh lol.	labels:That's fair! I suppose I will have to accept the fact that there is no way to prepare for every eventual question.
text:I think you will do great.  You sound prepared, and a small amount of worry is an indication you desire to perform well. .	labels:Great thanks, this was very helpful.
text:I'm so glad to hear that!  You have an excellent attitude and work ethic, you got this!	labels:Appreciate your advice, have a good rest of your day.	episode_done:True
text:hello. what is on your mind today?.	labels:I am sad because my partner and i broke up.
text:its normal to feel sad when you break up. i am 37 and ive been divorced 3 times.	labels:Wow that's huge!How did you get through the break ups each time it happened?
text:my first two cheated on me the third was abusive. after my first wo i just started increasing my social life, talking to more friends so i wouldnt get sad. this past time i enrolled myself in college. i wanted to keep my time occupied but in a positive way that weill help me make more moeny at work and know for a fat i can take care of myself.	labels:Mine also ended because my partner cheated.What made it worse is the fact that he cheated with my close friend.
text:well, then they were not as close of a friend as you thought. you deserve bettter .	labels:I also feel like revenging but in a way that will make him regret why he ever left me.
text:what will that do in the long run though?	labels:I have always been a loyal friend and as such wouldn't do anything to jeopardize my relationship with my friends.The mistake i made however is believing that all people have the same intentions.
text:i've made that mistake too honestly.	labels:I thought that she would look out for me the same way i did for her.How wrong i was!
text:im learning we need to be loyal to ourselves and not anyone else...but thats not really the best way either. people can be selfish!.	labels:I think it is,that way one will not be hurt that bad when a friend or a partner decides to be disloyal.
text:true.	labels:Some people are very selfish and do not care about friendships. Did you forgive your partners from the past?
text:it seems like that is becoming quite a trend these days.	labels:The world is becoming more shallow and unjust by the day.
text:i've learned its better jut to forget the past and move on. dwelling on it only auses more paind and heartache and take longer to get back to happy. i think you will be okay though : you seem to have your head on straight!.	labels:I agree,i will just forget and move on to a better and more prosperous life. Thank you for such insightful remarks.
text:you are welcome!.	labels:Have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hi!
text:How are you doing today?	labels:I am so very angry and disgusted with my life.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Why do feel that way?	labels:My husband keeps calling me names degrading me not respecting me. I am so angry because he does this in front of our kids. He doesnt do it all the time but its enough to make me feel inferior and angry every time I think about it.
text:I understand why you'd feel that way, we should be treated with respect especially with our partners.	labels:Yes we should but tell that to him.  If I stand up for myself he ll go into OH Here we go lets play the victim role Poor you only he says my name. and tell boys what a worthless mom I am and white trash.
text:What a terrible thing to say. How do you answer him?	labels:Usually I keep quiet but if I say something it will be what i do for family and how he doesn't help me or respect me.
text:I'm sorry about what you're going through. It might be a good idea to take some time away from him and for yourself, if that would be possible. Do you have friends or family near you?	labels: Not with Covid going on no. I havent seen my mom since march. I have no siblings and a few friends. boys are cyberschooling he works remote so no that is not possible.
text:It really is a difficult situation for everybody. It sounds like you're all feeling stressed and cooped in too, does that sound right?.	labels:This happened before Covid. Covid just made it worst. because he went to work boys went to school and I had me time for a few hours before I picked youngest up kindergarted.
text:It would be good if you can reach out to your friends and let them know how you're feeling.  Try to make some time for yourself and let your husband know how you really feel..	labels:well I got get going . boys need me to help withhomework.. Great idea . I think I will . Keep safe.
text:I hope you keep safe out there too.	labels:Has this worked for any other people you supported ? talk to you later.
text:I think it's different for everybody and you'll have to find out for yourself what you would want going forward. Stay strong, it sounds like you're a great parent!	labels:thanks. Im trying to end conversation. Ill try one more time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you doing today?	labels:Not good,and you?
text:That is a bummer! I have actually had a very good morning so far! Why aren't you doing good today?	labels:Because I am sad,and devastated about my break up.
text:Oh no! Breakups are so hard! It has been a long time since I have had a break up (since I am married). I can remember how devastating it was though! I can tell you though this is something you can get through! How long were you and your partner together?	labels:well,it doesn't feel that way. I am so depressed and emotional...Life is falling apart. I was engaged for 2 years,and together almost 3.
text:I know how you are feeling! It probably feels as if the world is crashing in all around you, You probably feel like you've wasted time you will never get back, and you are probably feeling just plain exhausted. While I can't say that I have ever been apart of a broken engagement. I can say I felt both Depressed and emotional and like my life was falling apart. I always tried focusing on the positives of the future.	labels:Yes,that can be true. But at the moment nothing feels good,or positive...even trying to focus on other things,taking me time,nothing helps..i try to understand why it happened...and i wished I could turn my love for him off...i would be in a much better place now.
text:If there was a magical switch you would never know the good from the bad! I think it is okay to be upset and quizzical! IF I were talking to my sister right now I would say "There are much better people out there for you, you will be much happier ending it now then after you are married!" I know it doesn't feel it now, but likely you will be in a much better place because of the break up now. Have you talked this out with your partner? Talking with them might help get you the closure you are aching for!	labels:Thank you for your emotional support...I hope in time I will get better.
text:I am Happy to help! I am sure you will start feeling better each day!	labels:Thank you!!! I hope you have a good day.
text:Have a great day as well!	labels:Thank you. Was this 10 messages?
text:I thought it was!	labels:Can  we leave now?
text:I think we can, my Quit Button is not working. I was just going to wait for you to leave :)	labels:Okay,I will leave now....Have a great day!! and thank you again for the moral support and advice.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever experienced anything like this?\ncan you tell me more about that?	labels:I met Doug at work when I used to smoke outside the building. He's handsome, built and has a killer smile. We started talking and one night we hooked up.
text:It sounds like you're physically attracted to Doug and had a one-time encounter with him. Is that right? can you tell me more about how you're feeling now?	labels:Well, actually this has been going on for 7 months. I hooked up with him after a month of talking. I'm ready to end this situation because I want the more emotional stuff I know Doug can't give. How do I get out?
text:I'm sure it's frustrating that you're not getting the emotional support you need. It's great that you are reaching out to communicate with someone.	labels:I heard of people falling for a fling or one night stand but this has gone on for months. Add to that, I see him at work. He's married and  I don't see this as more than a long term hook up. Have you ever experienced something like this? If you never experienced this do you know of anyone who has? What did they do to get out of this type of relationship if you want to call it that?
text:I can sense your frustration, and his marriage just adds to that. I've known lots of people who've ended up in relationships with married people. Just reaching out to talk with someone else is a great first step.	labels:What did those people do to end the relationship if you want to call it that? You keep saying it's good to reach out. I'm reaching out to you trying to find a way to turn off my emotions for this man.
text:Sometimes, a good first step is to reach out to friends who can help you fill your time and avoid interactions with him. And co-workers often can help you find ways to avoid him in the office. Are others aware of the relationship who can help you with that?	labels:My friends don't know about my situation with Doug. I do suspect some people at work are putting us eating lunch and taking walks together as something more.+ Doug make my sing and makes my body come alive but his presence is starting to break my heart because this situation is not going anywhere. I need help! It's not Doug's problem it's mine! I don't like his wife because if she was treating him well he wouldn't be with me. So why doesn't she just let him go? I'm starting to think if she was out the picture Doug and I could be together in a real relationship you know what I mean?
text:I can hear your anguish, and I understand your frustration. It's not clear to me, though, that Doug is being honest with you or with his wife. You mentioned that Doug can't provide the emotional support that you need. Do you think he's being fully honest with you about his relationship with his wife?	labels:I don't understand. Doug's married I know that but I want what his wife has so she's not the problem.
text:You're absolutely right. It sounds like Doug is the problem. He's cheating on his wife, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need.	labels:All I want to know from you is to tell me how to get rid of the feelings I have for Doug or how to get rid of his wife since you think she's part of the problem?
text:With the holidays coming up, maybe you could avoid him for an extended stretch and really do something about what it is you are looking for in a partner.	labels:Like what? The media says stay inside with love ones. Doug is my love one. Wouldn't I be putting myself at risk of getting the conrovirus meeting someone new?
text:I wouldn't say that Doug's wife is part of the problem. She's sounds like another victim of his philandering and dishonesty..	labels:Why do you keep focusing on the wife? You make it sound if I just kill her Doug and I could be happy and I wouldn't have to worry about his Philandering as you call it anymore. Are you saying I'm a Philanderer?
text:You're right. It's best to err on the side of caution when it comes to covid. But remember that Doug isn't your loved one alone. He's sharing germs with both you and his wife. Maybe a lockdown -- emotional and physical -- will help you work to find an end to this relationship. How did you spend your time before you met Doug? Perhaps you could reconnect with other friends or find a hobby to fill your time.	labels:You never answered my question about ever being in this type of situation. Did your mate/husband or whatever Philalnder on you and you haven't gotten over it? Are you still with the man/woman or whatever that broke your heart and cheated on you? Why cant you get over it? Is the only advice for me you have is to eat Thanksgiving dinner alone?
text:I absolutely have had my heart broken, yes. And I've spent some holidays alone. I can understand your pain.	labels:I'm glad you understand my pain. I've spent and know how to be by myself. What I'm asking you how do I get out being in love with someone?
text:It would be great to be able to give you an easy and pain-free solution, but I don't know that that is possible when it comes to matters of the heart. If you truly love Doug and want to be with him, you should tell him that and see how he responds. You mentioned, though, that he can't give you the emotional support you need. If you truly believe, in your heart of hearts, that Doug can't be your everything, then you already have the answer: He is not "the one." He's the one right now. And you shouldn't have to settle for that. You sound like a strong and capable woman who should be loved and respected for everything she is.	labels:Okay so I eat Thanksgiving alone and I spend time alone. Okay tell me how i fill my nights alone up? How do I warm the other side of my bed which Doug fill so well. I meant he can't give me emotional support because he's married. There is so time, sex and emotional support he can give. And I don't why you assumed I am a woman because I'm not! Also, I don't think being with Doug is settling! I do however appreciate your time and effort..	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:Not too bad. Been experiencing some anxiety though. It is kind of an ongoing issue for me.
text:Anxiety can be a real challenge. What have you done to face it in the past that works for you?	labels:I have tried going to support groups and therapy. I also take medications. Despite this I still feel overwhelmed..
text:It sounds like you have tried a lot of different methods, so good for you for taking care of yourself. What is overwhelming you?	labels:The situation with COVID is scary. I just found out someone I care about may have the virus. I am a worrier anyways so it is hard not to feel butterflies in my stomach about the issue.
text:It is a very scary time we are all living through, so it's very easy to understand your higher anxiety with someone you care about maybe facing it. What can you do to feel better?.	labels:I can try to keep myself busy and practice self care. It is hard though because I still worry. Sometimes I feel too worried to do the things necessary to stop it all spiraling.
text:That's a great way to approach it-- since the time has to pass anyway, you can use it to take care of yourself and move your life forward despite the "pause" of the pandemic. Have you thought about trying meditation or focused breathing to calm yourself when you feel spiraling?	labels:I have practiced breathing techniques and meditation before and think that is a great suggestion. At the moment I think the only thing that would ultimately really make me feel better is knowing my friend is okay. He already has health issues so it is a worry.
text:Absolutely, and it's completely understandable, but it's very hard to wait. I hope that you are able to practice some of the techniques we talked about, and seeking help by talking about it is part of self-care, too. I think you are on the right track to getting through this..	labels:Thank you. That is nice of you to say and I appreciate the support. Just knowing someone has faith that I can do it gives me more confidence.
text:I believe we are all stronger than we give ourselves credit for, and it takes strength and courage to reach out for help.. Please take good care of yourself, and I hope your friend stays healthy or gets well very soon..	labels:Thanks. I appreciate it.
text:Thanks for reaching out, and I hope the rest of your day goes well..	labels:Thanks, I hope you have a great day too. Thank yo for your helpful input as well.	episode_done:True
text:I have no motivaton to work anymore. i mean, i am going to work and working but i find myself doding non work tasks like this more and more. i dunno i lost interest. i am really loyal to my boss, hes a vetearn like me and 72. so ifeel obligated to stay but...i dunno.\nI understand, that is a tough situation to be in. . Burnout is a real emotion..	labels:have you ever felt that way.
text:Yes, definitely. .	labels:what was it like.
text:I worked for a boss who gave me a chance when I was rather unhirable.  I worked there for three years, but I was burning out hardcore.  She was kind but she paid me much less than a normal professional would in that position, and took advantage of me.	labels:yup.. i have 3 kids and i am not married. i have no beneftits.
text:She and her husband ran the business, but I continued to be burdened with extra responsibility, no extra money or benefits.  Eventually, the gas station down the hill from us was hiring at a hiring hourly rate than I was receiving from them.  I ended up leaving and going back to school.	labels:i feel i could get my kids health insurance if i swithed jobs. but i dunno. i feel like i would feel guilty for leaving. what did you go for school for.
text:But you have the well-being of three children to worry about.  The older gentleman knows how to take care of himself. . Communication and Copmarative religious studies.	labels:are you still in school.
text:*comparative.	labels:i just started going back to school for my masters degree.
text:I'm thinking about going back for my masters but no I am not still in school. .	labels:its tough but i am on the honor role. you should go b ack to school.
text:That's excellent.  I don't think you should take on this boss's emotions as a reason to stay with a job you're burning out on.  I think you should take the small step of looking at what's out there, and maybe having a few interviews.  You could try explaining to your boss that you need benefits for the kids.  I would be surprised if he did not understand that.. And if he does not understand that, well, you will know exactly who you work for, and that will be additional impetus to move on..	labels:with us both being veterans it goes beyond a boss relationship hes like family. i feel like id be fucking over the whole nation turning my back on another veteran.	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone there??\nHey there, how are you doing/	labels:Ok. Are you able to read the description of my problem or should I paste it again?
text:Sorry, i could not see the description of the problem. Could you please paste it again?	labels:Sure. my boyfriend broke up with me but won't tell me why. I think I posted something on fb that made him jealous. But if that is so he is being irrational.
text:oh, i am so sorry..	labels:he won't answer my calls or messages. He keeps posting things that make it seem like I hurt him so much. Thanks!  :)
text:Did you try to message him to see if he can chat with you? so that you get a chance to understand what made him break up with you? or do you have a common friend that can help arrange a meetup ?	labels:I've send him so many messages. He reads them but won't respond. I did ask his best friend to help me but my ex pretended like nothing was wrong when his friend asked him.
text:Hmm. do you want to give him some time to maybe cool off and then try to get in touch with him again? i know you are anxious but sometimes it is best for time to heal things and bring things back to normal.	labels:Yes, I guess that is all I can do for now. Since he won't answer and it's putting pressure on us both. However, the anxiety of this is killing me.I can't eat or sleep. I don't know how to handle it for myself. But yes you are right, the one thing I need to do is leave him be for a bit.
text:Do you have any other friend that you can lean for a little bit for support? this will help you get out of anxiety. Maybe, try to get busy with work or spend time on your hobbies. it helps to take your mind off of this thing a bit and will make you a bit less anxious.	labels:Thank you I have been trying to do that. Though I don't want to bother my friends too much. I've been keeping myself busy though. Most important is to stay away from my phone. haha.
text:That's good. at least you found ways to get out of the anxiety.. and social media can cause anxiety too, so staying from your phone also helps :)	labels:Well it is not helping much. But I guess it will get better over time. I suppose the second I start to feel better, he'll call. haha. It always works that way, right?
text:Yeah. given enough time and when things cool off, people do dwell on their behaviour and often times feel stupid for the way they act. i hope its the same case with your boyfriend as well. I have a feeling he is going to give you a call soon.	labels:Thank you very much. I really hope so! :)
text:you bet :).	labels:Thanks again! You did make me feel better and i think we are allowed to proceed now :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello!! how is your day?	labels:So this lockdown is making me depressed. I'm doing ok today. What should I do?
text:what is the reason for depression are you feeling bored or some other reasons?	labels:I have a cold and I am bored too. TRying to keep busy. trying. sorry for the caps.
text:no problem, I am also facing the same problem of being bored during the lockdown.	labels:So how are you coping? It's just I want to start a life with my boyfriend but I can't move away right now. Now I need to recover from being sick on top of everything.
text:the only thing which could entertain us is gadgets. I used to watch many web series and online shows in my mobile.	labels:Nice I watch Youtube and play games on my phone or PC. Do you draw?
text:be cautious in your health as you say that you need to recover from the cold take foods which keeps you warm and some natural medicines.	labels:I am. i hate being this way.
text:yes I draw but not so good in drawing.	labels:Same so I just mostly game. RPGs are my go to. I love Star Wars.
text:do you have kids in your house?	labels:No, hopefully someday but not right now. Do you?
text:that's great  I too love star wars.	labels:What is your favorite movie?
text:yeah there is a kid in my house who is my entertainer in lockdown.	labels:Oh okay.
text:avengers end game.	labels:I think it is harder for smaller kids during this time.
text:you are right.	labels:I feel for all the teachers in the schools. So I guess me and my bf and friends just have to hang out online for now. That's not a bad thing though. Among Us is awesome.
text:yeah that's the safest way too.	labels:Do you have any other hobbies? How long have you been an Mturker?
text:spending time with friends is like creating more funny memories.	labels:yeah it is and that's all that matters is memories and being with them. So thank you so much for your help today. I'm starting to feel better now.
text:yeah i love grow herbs in my house this is one of my favourite hobby.	labels:Nice.
text:you are welcome and thanks to spend this time.	labels:youre welcome have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon! How are you doing today?	labels:what if i dont do good on my final. this is my first year with student loans. i am freaking out.
text:I can certainly understand your anxiety you are feeling right now.	labels:its my masters program. its a hige deal.
text:I would be freaking out too. When is your final . How far away is it?	labels:today. i have 2 pages done out of 10.
text:Do you have someone you could possibly study with?	labels:i work fill time and i am a single mom. its a paper i have to write. due at 1am tomororw.
text:I can certainly appreciate how overwhelmed you are feeling . When do you get a break from work?.	labels:i get off at 5. been here since 6am. ugh. i have tp get my kkiddsfeed them go over school stuff they go to bed at 8.
text:You are doing an amazing job and most people couldn't handle it . I completely understand as a mom of two boys myself. .	labels:im trying to set a good example for the kids since my husband was killed biut its so damn hard.
text:You have so much on your plate and hard to keep up with everything you are telling me. .LOL. Please may I have a moment to try to help you. Could you ask a family member or neighbor or babysitter to help out ? Give you time to concentrate on paper. Or how old is your oldest ? Could they watch or help get everyone to bed earlier?	labels:my family is 3 states away :/ i guess i could ask my neighbor debbie. my oldest daughter is 8, then i have twin boys that are 5.
text:Do you have any pto at work you could maybe ask boss to take off now ? or leave early ? Or take tomorrow off to have 3 day weekend to recuperiate?	labels:i guessi can have haley make them pb and j sandwiches tonight and put a movie on. that should hopefully buy me another hour... i have already used pto for the stupid digital learning days. now i have to bring them to work with me next week which is more anxiety lol.
text:I think that is a creative great way to gain some time and maybe ask Debbie to help with bedtime?	labels:not a bad idea...thank you.
text:Oh my you certainly do have a lot on your plate but after my conversation with you I know you can do it  ! You are amazing and don't let anyone tell you differently/	labels:have. her come over around 730 and help start getting them ready for bed. hence why i am doing mturk at work... extra money whereever i can lol. i feel guilty but i dont.
text:Sounds like a plan.	labels:it does, thank you for helping sort through it and make a plan.
text:We all need extra money lol but especially you with being a single mom with 3 kids..	labels:and no child support :/ thanks agian.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how can I help you today?	labels:I am having problems because I need money and the only jobs I can find are outside of the hours I need to work and I'm having anxiety.
text:Oh, that is anxiety-provoking... How long have you been searching?	labels:Yes, I called a staffing agency and they matched me with a job but I will still be coming home late. So I am trying to put in applications elsewhere as wlel. Well*
text:It's great that you are putting out applications elsewhere as well! What makes you anxious about coming home late?	labels:I am walking.
text:Oh I understand. Have you thought about other ways to get back home besides walking?	labels:Yes, trying to find a ride but the bus also stops going. Maybe I could call an Uber home.
text:If that would help you ease your anxiety, I think it would be a good solution to consider!.	labels:I think the stress outside of the job is also contributing.
text:What makes you anxious about walking home late?	labels:Like I am having relationship issues, in a long distance relationship and I jsut came home and have been missing him and I am torn between the two states. Also just safety issues.
text:Oh I understand about the safety issues, I too cannot stand walking alone at night.	labels:What do you do for safety?
text:How long have you been in this long-distance relationship?	labels:Two months but we've known each other way longer than that.
text:I try to avoid walking and either ask someone to come and get me, or take an Uber or the bus or my own car!.	labels:I think the Uber is a good idea. I don't have many friends who would be up at midnight for the ride or be open to it.
text:That's good to consider! I think that if money is an issue right now, it will become easier as you get your paychecks and will feel less guilty about Ubering home. For your relationship, you've known this person for a long time before you got together?	labels:I don't feel too guilty about the Uber, mostly worried about affording it to be honest. Yeah we went to middle school together.
text:I'm sorry, that's what I meant, affording it (language issues my bad)	labels:Oh it's okay my bad!
text:Ok so you've known him for a long time, you two feel comfortable with communicating your feelings and worries together?	labels:Yes.
text:Ok that's great! Do you want to tell me more about the issues you are experiencing with him so we can understand a bit more the root of the stress?	labels:Well mostly he'shaving problems affording rent too and I can't help him much and it sucks that I can't help him ata ll.
text:Ah, i get it. So what I'm understanding from this is that you feel helpless in this situation and that's what's making you anxious?	labels:Yes.
text:Can you tell me a little more about how this feeling of helplessness is affecting you personally?.	labels:It makes me feel sad and lost. I'm afraid he's going to lose his apartment.
text:Does it bring back memories of another time where you felt helpless or is this the first time you're feelling this way?	labels:No it doesn't.
text:Ok, so from what I understand is that this is the first time you've felt this and you are lost because you don't know how to act and react to this.	labels:Yes. I helped him financially a lot but I'm at my end too now.
text:Were you the one that offered to help in the first place?	labels:Yes.
text:Well, I think it is very considerate of you to help him financially, but do you feel that this has put an enormous amount of strain and pressure on yourself as well?	labels:No, not really I mean if I had more I would give him everything I could that wouldn't leave me financially behind.
text:Oh okay, so you wouldn't say that you're looking for a job to continue helping him financially?	labels:No I wouldn't. I want it to help support me.
text:Ok that's good to hear!.	labels:Yeah, I just want to be able to have my own stuff again. I've been relying on doing surveys online.
text:From what I'm understanding, you're not only feeling anxious and pressure in your own personal life but you're heart is also wherever he is right now and living whatever stress and pressure he is living as well, and that is putting yourself in a very anxiety-provoking position.	labels:Yes.
text:I understand that, especially given the current pandemic situation, it isn't easy at all.	labels:Also being far away from him sucks.
text:Are you guys FaceTiming or communicating at all other than by texts?	labels:You are being very helpful by the way thank you. We aren't FaceTiming. I just left his apartment this weekend though and have been upset about it.
text:I'm trying my best, thank you for the input! Upset about leaving the apartment? Or was there something else that happened that weekend?	labels:Just leaving him.
text:Have you guys thought about scheduling date nights through FaceTime?	labels:I think he would but he hasn't been feeling really good about his appearance lately. I asked and that's what he told me.
text:I understand that completely, I can relate a lot.	labels:Same.
text:If it makes any difference, my partner and I have been doing date nights where we would dress up, put make up on and do our hair and everything as if we were going to the restaurant, and even if it is through Facetime or whenever we see each other in real life, it helps not only with our own self-esteem but also our relationship.	labels:That is very cute.
text:Maybe you could open the discussion with your boyfriend, tell him that you have a date planned over Facetime and you want him to order his favorite dinner, take a shower, do his hair and dress up real nice.	labels:I don't know if he would be open to that but I could try. He isn't really the romantic type.
text:You have been friends for a long time before getting together, you guys are comfortable with each other, right?	labels:Yes.
text:Okay well you do know him more than I do haha, so what would be his ideal date night?	labels:Probably just being at home.
text:Hm okay, well I'm sure that if you do propose and organize something for him, even if it is not his favorite thing to do, if he sees that it would make you happy, he will at least consider it don't you think?	labels:Yeah probably. Things are hard right now though.
text:In other ways than financially ?	labels:The financial things make things emotionally hard. I am one of the only people he has in his corner right now.
text:Oh I'm sorry to hear that... it must be difficult for you to be in this position, I understand the stress and pressure. Is the pandemic the reason he is having also financial difficulties at the moment?.	labels:Yes sort of. He was let go cause of covid.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Has he also been in the search for another job?	labels:Yes he's trying unemployment.
text:I'm confused he isn't trying to find a job?	labels:Unemployment helps you find jobs and pays you while you do it here.
text:Oh okay I didn't know that thanks!	labels:You're welcome.	episode_done:True
text:I am depressed. There is no hope.\nI'm so sorry! Why do you feel that way?	labels:This pandemic has been super stressful. I can't leave the house.
text:It sounds like you feel like you are stuck at home and not able to do things.	labels:Yeah, I'm stuck at home and spend so much time in bed worrying about life and crying.
text:I also spend a lot of time at home.  It's really a rough time. Do you have anyone you can talk to?	labels:no :(
text:Well from what you are saying, I can tell that you are feeling isolated.	labels:Extremely isolated, i dont know what to do. i live by myself.
text:Are you currently working?	labels:No, i lost my job. due to the pandemic they had to cut a lot of people.
text:How did you feel about that? Did you like your job?	labels:I did not like my job but it was ssomething to do.
text:My friend's husband also lost his job.. He started using a temp agency to find work.  Have you thought about doing that?	labels:No, I don't feel qualified.
text:Temporary agencies are helpful to employers and employees like yourself. They match people to jobs based on job history and skills so they could find things that would work for you.	labels:Hm, do they cost money to use?
text:No temp. agencies offer cost free placements (the employer looking usually pays the agency)	labels:wow thats great. i am still depressedd and don't know if i will have the energy to do it.
text:I know that days can be really hard.  I think it's great that you are considering options and wanting to do better for yourself!	labels:Yeah, I just kind of feel like a failure in life. But I am trying, thanks.
text:I understand that there are things in your life that could make you feel that way. You are not the only one! When you feel up to it, do a search for temp agencies near you and hopefully they can give you some leads about a job..	labels:i think thats a great idea.
text:I hope I've been able to help with some support.	labels:yes, you have thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Please reply to me.\nhi how are you.	labels:I am not good . What about you?
text:i am so sorry to hear that. what seems to be worrying you today? i am doing ok thanks for asking.	labels:I trust my friends blindly. But they not.. It creates depression on my mind. I cannot concentrate on any other works.
text:it seems to me that you feel you can not trust a friend, correct me if im wrong?	labels:I trust my friends very much. They won't show the same trustfulness on me. .
text:Oh ok, have you asked them why they feel they can not trust you? Maybe you could have a conversation about it and see what you could do to gain their trust. I have had a friend not to trust me and i know how hurtful that can feel, maybe there has just been some sort of misunderstanding.	labels:They think I am not suitable for some places. They want to go that places without my knowledge is not a problem. But they hide the total matter. It may be misunderstanding. I tried to talk with them. They won't respond to me.
text:Could it be that it is not that they do not trust you but they feel you would not feel comfortable going to such places?	labels:If they feel uncomfortable , they could speak directly but they won't did that also.
text:I am sorry you feel ignored sometimes people choose to ignore issues rather than confront them and try to come to some sort of solution, i would try not to take it to personnel as you seem like a very friendly person.. You could try to send a message just stating that your feelings are hurt and it would be nice if they would at least reply back with a explanation on why they have made you feel this way.	labels:Can you any idea to get out from this?
text:Are you asking how to end the chat?	labels:no. how to get out from my depression?
text:I think you need to spend some time doing something you enjoy to try to take your mind off of it, maybe go to a movie or for a nice walk. Or if you have a family member you are close to you could speak to them about it and see what the perspective of the situation is.	labels:Thank you my dear. I got a little bit idea. I will try to explore it. is there any general way to get out from stress?
text:No problem you really seem like a nice person so i think the problem more so is with them and not you so try not to let it ruin your holiday season! When i am stressed or depressed I like to workout and listen to music.	labels:I like to read book. Shall I try this?
text:Yes getting lost in a good book is a great way to get your mind off of it!	labels:Thank you friend. Shall we end the chat?
text:If you feel i have helped you we can, if not i am glad to stay and continue trying to help.	labels:I feel very happy about your help.
text:i am glad i could be of some help i hope you feel better soon!	labels:Ok buddy. Thank you and bye..	episode_done:True
text:is anyone here.\nhi!!	labels:hi\
text:how is your day?	labels:no to good my friend is a drunk and nobody not even her husband tells her that hse is having a problem, so i did tell her now she is spreading lies about me and what a terrible person i am.
text:oh no that's really  not good.	labels:no I mean she really has issues she gets drunk and mean , falls of chairs in bars and that at least 3-4 times a week, her husband does not say a word since she iis in my oppinion verbally abusive to him.
text:ok ok I could understand now.	labels:so what do you think i should do. u still there?
text:What you have did so far is absolutely correct You worry for your friend is also correct, I think you need to be with your friend in this situation whatever she says about you. yeah I am here.	labels:she does not talk to me anymore blocked me on social media, and goes around and says I am just trying to cause trouble for her.
text:I think you just give some time to your friend to realize what she is doing now..	labels:she is going to loose custody of her child if her ex find out she is always drunk.
text:oh no it seems to be a big problem.	labels:I think so and there is no talking to her she does not admit that she has a problem, she is trying to casue issues between me and my husband.
text:If she is not accepting her fault directly you need to find some other way to make her realize her current situation and consecquence.	labels:like what for example, talking does not work? so call the cops on her?
text:I don't don't calling cops as good. We need to do in some other way to make her realize ..	labels:not sure what the best way is to deal with this, or should I just step back and let it be if even her husband does not care?
text:you can talk to her mother and some other persons close to her and who really cares her.	labels:I might try that. Thanks for listening.
text:you are  welcome.	labels:thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I am looking for someone to talk to.\nHey there, I'm here to listen and help :) Is there anything is particular that is bothering you?	labels:I feel very lonely and depressed. I see no point to live. I have no friends or family by my side.
text:Hey, don't say that. Listen everyone is going through a tough time due covid. What keeps me going is, I look deep down on the inside and find 3 things that keeps me going.	labels:You must be a  lucky person. I do not see anything in myself what could keep me going. I do not understand how others cope.
text:Listen you have to be kind to yourself, forgive yourself of whatever it is that is bothering you and then let it go.	labels:I used to liked reading, now I just stare at TV without even realising what is on. Feel like crying now. Thank you for your kind words.
text:I recommend finding a new hobby or doing something that you enjoy doing. It will keep you fresh, active and motivate.	labels:Do you have any suggestions?  It is so hard to think of something when you are locked home.
text:It okay to cry, that the first step of letting all the negative emotions out. Trust me. Then you feel more free and the burden will be lifted. Then you will be better and more positive..	labels:Thank you.  thought if I start crying, it means that I am failure.
text:Listen I'm on the same boat as you. It can get depressing. However, I light scented candles, play uplifting music on the background. I learn how to cook and started a new series on a netflix.. I'll be honest, I'm a man (not like it means anything). I cry a couple times a week in the shower. Why? Because it helps get rid of the negatively that burdens me. After that I feel better.	labels:It feels good to talk to someone. I am glad I started talking about my problems.
text:Remember it's okay to cry, then try breathing and then carry on with your day :) I'm glad to help!	labels:Candles and music - this is my plan for the evening. I may also try to read  like in old times. It was nice to talk to you. You are a great man. Only strong men can admit thay cry. *they.
text:Trust me, scent and music can provide a positive vibe.	labels:I am going to look for candles now :) Thanks again and I hope all of us will get over these times soon. Be safe and healthy!
text:Yes of course, enjoy your day :)	labels:You too! By now, thank you again!	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nHello! How are you doing tonight?	labels:I'm doing alright. How about you?
text:You are doing well?  That is great to hear.  I am the support provider, do you have any questions or problems?	labels:I've just been feeling a little down about the breakup, even though it was like 4 years ago.
text:So it was almost four years ago, but you still feel depressed when you think about it?	labels:Yes.
text:That must be difficult for you, to still feel that way.	labels:Initially, I was sad about being heart broken, but later I became more concerned about why I had a strange complex I never even knew I had. Which I never discovered until recently.
text:Being upset and heartbroken is very understandable, but what do you mean by a strange complex?	labels:When I first met my partner, she was at a low point in her life.
text:So you really feel she was depressed or upset when you met her?	labels:Yea.
text:Did her being depressed have an effect on you?	labels:Naturally, I wanted to help her, even though I felt somewhat uncomfortable at first.
text:of course you were sympathetic towards her pain, that is totally understandable..	labels:So I stuck with her and saw her become better. even made some friends along the way.
text:That sounds great, that you were able to help her out in that way.	labels:However, I suddenly started to feel a little depressed for some reason.
text:So as she became better, you started to feel worse?	labels:I believe it's because I felt useless after that point.
text:That's interesting, so you feel that you were together so long as you could help her, but then you lost interest in her?	labels:I didn't lose interest, it was just that I had this strange complex where I needed to feel needed.
text:or did she reject you once she felt better?	labels:She said that she was busy with other stuff.
text:Has that happened to you in other relationships?	labels:Never been in another one. I've had crushes, but it never went past that for various reasons.
text:So you have not had any successful relationships since then?  Do you think that is why you feel depressed?	labels:I don't think so. The thing is, I'm still friends with her.
text:So that is good, that even after the end of your romantic relationship you were still able to maintain a friendship. .	labels:It's rather awkward, tho. We don't even talk often.
text:Have you thought about volunteering in a position where you could be helpful to others? So you feel that you are still friends even though you don't speak to each other often?	labels:I've done such thing during the summer.
text:So what you are saying is that you spoke to her this summer and that made you feel depressed about the breakup?	labels:Oh no, I mean volunteering.
text:That sounds like a great idea, did it give you satisfaction?	labels:Yes, I most certainly enjoy it.
text:That is really good to hear.  Hopefully you can continue to do that and help yourself by helping others. Maybe we can talk more at a later time.	labels:Okay, bye. Thanks for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. My name is Spike. What is yours? Is anyone there? I feel kind of sad and rejected that no one is answering. Is this part of the task?\noh no i'm sorry i left you waited. please tell me your problem.	labels:I'm trying to make money on MTurk and starting a YouTube channel. Money is a big concern for me.
text:We are on the same boat. Do you have any other jobs?	labels:No. That's my only income right now. It has led to a real crisis of self confidence to me.
text:Have you considered applying for a job or trying uber drive/ eats?	labels:I have. But I have health conditions that would mean Covid-19 would be very risky for me to get. So, I'm trying to work online. I'm trying to stay encouraged.
text:I understand how you feel, it's tough not being able to work and earn much money. However, you are doing your best right now and should feel proud of yourself.	labels:Thanks. I appreciate that. What do you do to stay encouraged or confident?
text:I try to spend more time outdoor and keep myself busy.. I like to cook since it's very relaxing and helps keep my mind concentrated.	labels:cooking for me is just another chore. But getting outside might help. I live out in the country. So I have nice scenery.
text:That is perfect then, the nature is very healing. You can also hang out with friends and talk to them about how you feel.	labels:It has been days since I even sat on the porch. And weeks since I took a walk.
text:you should definitely do that. staying indoor will worsen your mentality.	labels:That's a good idea. What sort of projects are you working on? Job? Hobby?
text:yeah I have a full time job and working on mturk at night. Covid has hit me financially too.	labels:Wow. that's a lot.
text:we all face different pressure and have to find ways around it.	labels:Yep. You are right. Thanks for the suggestion to get outside. I'm ging out for a walk tomorrow..
text:Please stay positive, go out more and exercise more frequently.	labels:I will. Good luck tonight. Make that money! ;)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?	labels:Hello I am here to talk about some academic stress I am having. In fact, I am just taking a break from my studies. i am doing well, thanks for asking. I hope you're well too.
text:What is causing you to stress over your academics? What is causing you to stress over your academics?	labels:Just a little behind and doing some last minute crunch. Two courses. One exam at the end of this month plus one assignment due. The same for the other course but both due end of next month. So just trying to be mature and be hard-working and not get distracted.
text:So your trying to work hard at school. Why are you considering taking a break from school?	labels:no that's not what I meant. I am just taking a break now to talk to you. But other than that, I sometimes get distracted in a normal day. I am taking two university courses, and both completely online.
text:Oh I see. I am also taking college courses online right now and understand how the end of a semester can be a stressful time for students.	labels:yes for sure. I am usually very conscientious, but just due to social isolation from the pandemic, I have been trapped in my house. so slacking off and being lazy. procrasting a lot.
text:Maybe if you set aside a certain amount of time to devote to your studies (and nothing else) every day, you can eventually start getting back into the normal routine you have for school work. and also get and then stay caught up on school work.	labels:sorry hold on a second. be right back in a quick sec.
text:okay.	labels:hi sorry I am back. got a phone call. I meant to say I agree with your assessment.
text:okay. so is there anything else thats bothering you?	labels:and that I do set aside time but just that I am at the last stretch and am only preventing further damage as much as I can, even though I am doing fine so far, just not my best self or best capability. Disappointed to say the least. no just have to get through this and I should be okay. like I said. I am usually not like this, so I feel that the pandemic so far has made my routines abnormal. and life patterns aimless. I hope and I feel that you are doing better than I am with your studies.
text:I am sorry you feel that way. I believe that you are strong enough to push through to better times!	labels:But yes, I have been trying your tactic somewhat more often this week and next week is my last before the exam and assignment due date.
text:Good luck!	labels:thank you. For sure I will keep persevering. May have to sleep late for awhile but it's what I have to do. okay. And thanks for understanding and listening. And sorry again for that interruption just now.
text:You got this!.	labels:I appreciate your help and good luck to your studies also. And stay well and safe. Thank you very much!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is there anyone online.\nYes, what can I do for you?	labels:Im trying to get a little advise about a situation that has me down. Are you having some issues responding because I didnt hear from you until almost 3mins into the chat.
text:It's fine here, I just got your message. Please tell me more about your issue.	labels:Im having some issues with friendships. It has me down. The other day I had called a couple of friends to go have lunch together since we havent seen each other in a while and everyone said No due to covid. But today I called another friend and everybody were out together but didnt include me.
text:that really sucks how they pulled that excuse on you. did your other friend tell you why they did that?	labels:No they just said they just thought I was busy and couldn't attend. so im bitter sad about the situation and don't how to address it.
text:It's understandable for you to feel doubtful. I would give them another chance, suggesting a virtual happy hour and see what they say now hat they no longer have covid excuse.	labels:I was actually thinking about that just wasn't sure about it. I really thought we were better than this but I guess not.
text:you can never know people until something happens.	labels:Im needing to bring some new people in my life.
text:Just give it a try, if all of them have some excuses again, it's time to stop socializing with those friends. exactly, it's frustrating but at the same time, a blessing in disguise. Through this you know who actually care about you.	labels:Im going to do observing of myself and think so over but thank you for your advice, Some observing of myself and think this over.
text:yeah, if they don't care about you, why waste your time on them? Spend that time on treating yourself a good meal or a great movie.	labels:Thanks will do have a good day.
text:you too, i hope you feel better.	labels:Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm well thanks. How are you today?
text:great thanks! So you have had a good day it sounds like then..	labels:For the most part... my friend told me she's leaving her husband so that was pretty shocking.
text:how did that news make you feel?	labels:Very confused and upset. They don't have problems, she just fell out of love with him and wants to be with a woman.
text:I have had feelings of uncertainity in my relationship before as well. I know these feelings can be upsetting.	labels:Right. It's tough because we are all friends, she and I, our husbands and our children.
text:oh goodness, that sounds like a difficult situation but at least you have your friends to help you through it.	labels:Yes, they are all very upset with her. I am being the most patient but I don't like it.
text:As the saying goes, good things come to those who are patient! Time heals almost everything.	labels:I agree. I just feel like the behavior is so destructive and erratic..
text:Maybe your friend doesn't realized the affect her actions has had on the people around her. Have you tried talking about your feelings with her personally?	labels:I have. She's very dismissive.
text:If she doesn't care about how you feel maybe it would be best if you ended your friendship with her.	labels:I have considered that. My husband said the same. It's tough.
text:Yes I understand. I believe in you and your strength to overcome this!	labels:Thank you for the encouragement! I know my family is what is important but this all just threw me for a loop.
text:Try focusing on your family then, rather than other people. Maybe that will help you.	labels:I think that's what I have to do. Thank you for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:hello, how can I help you today?	labels:hi i need to overcome from body shaming. can you help me out. so many people teasing that i lost job. i gained weight. no support from family and friends.
text:That's so cruel of them.	labels:yes , even my partner is not understanding , i lost job due to covid. i got covid , no money for treatment.
text:Right now you're not working at all? I know it's very tough for you, can you stay away from your partner/ people around you for the time being?	labels:yes , health is not supporting  , due to covid , my lungs got infected and got migraine daily. yea good idea, but thinking how to pay house rent and all .now i am depending on him only. so baring such non scene from him.
text:Since you are not working and staying home stuck with all the criticism won't help either, why don't you spend a few hours everyday outside? you can just go to the park, grocery stores, library... when at library, you can learn subjects that you want to know about.	labels:yea good idea , i have library card even, but i forgot thise.t. thanks for remembering this card. sure will try to go library and park is even far thAts ok will go by walk.
text:yeah, scoop up indoor all day when you are not busy is very damaging to you mental health.	labels:YEA ITS TRUE . thanks for the suggestion dear . but thinking anybody tease me about my body. so i was in home and dnt go out.
text:you shouldn't put any thoughts to those heartless comments.	labels:due to winter i am not doing any workouts and not yet all interested to do any.
text:If any, you can try exercising whenever possible because it's goof for your health. However, do not let the comments about your appearance affects you.	labels:yeas , but sometimes we feel bad  right when own people doing those comments hurts more.
text:I understand, especially if that's someone close to you.	labels:yea will do slowly and thanks dear for so much concern on me. true , we wish our own people should understand our situation and help us to come over the problem.
text:of course, it's been very rough this year for you. it will get better, do not give up.	labels:really bad year ..hope new year will bring more happiness. sure will follow all your suggestions At lest will start one by one.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?	labels:Hi, I'm doing alright I suppose. how about yourself?
text:I am doing well. I've been handling the pandemic surprisingly well given I deal with germaphobia myself. I can't wait for this all to be over. Is there something I can help you with today?	labels:Yeah, the anxiety of being trapped in my apartment has kind of gotten to me but I am doing the best I can to keep myself occupied. Just really wanted somebody to talk to I suppose.
text:Yeah, socially distancing is quite the isolating experience so I can relate to how you are feeling. What have you been doing to keep yourself occupied?	labels:Playing video games mostly, I try to exercise everyday and cook meals at home as oppose to eating out..
text:It's good that you are doing your best to take care of yourself. Have you been able to connect with friends or loved ones?	labels:Not really, but my mother and sister live close by. I visit them almost every other day and I have a couple of friends who swing by now and again.
text:It seems like you are doing what you can to stay connected with people. Did something happen that lead you to want to reach out for support?	labels:Yeah, I dealt with my heavy drinking and drug use problems at the beginning of the pandemic.
text:It sounds like you were going through a really difficult time. What was going on for you at the start of the pandemic?	labels:Just really lonely, lost my job financial woes.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can i help you today?	labels:Hello there, i am having a hard time because my boyfriend and I just broke up.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Was there any reasons that lead to the decision?	labels:I think I was feeling overwhelmed by his political views and with the election and everything it became much more obvious that we weren't right for each other. But Im nervous with the holidays coming up that I will be sad to be alone.
text:I feel you, it's scary to not be with the person you love so suddenly, especially during holiday.	labels:It is!! we were together for 5 years, so this is uncharted territory for me.
text:However, from what you told me, it's no longer fit for you two to be together as your views are opposite. Maybe this is for the better. You can plan to spend the holiday with your friends or family instead. We are usually busy and neglect the most important people. This is the time to take care of that.	labels:That is true, and that was why I broke it off. He supported Trump, which I knew 4 years ago during the election, but this year it was overwhelming. I will be with family thankfully, we have a small family so COVID isn't something I have to worry about.
text:I understand. You made the right decision, if not now you will get in even more arguments in the future. He is just not the right person.	labels:Overall, I know im going to be ok, but it feels so fresh and like it hurts still.
text:Spend the time now that you have on yourself too. Be an even better version of you.	labels:Thank you for vaildating my decision.. Yes, that is  my plan. Focus on me and finding out what it is that I truly want in life. He's helped me understand what I don't want.
text:That's the right attitude. With the right person, you learn what you like. With the wrong person, you learn what to avoid.	labels:Have you ever gone through something like this?
text:No I have not, but I have someone ghosted on my before. It hurt and actually helps me realize who cares and serious about me.	labels:That can be just as hurtful! I heard something helpful once that if someone is into you youll know it and if you dont know it, then you dont want to be with them anyways.. Or that you shouldn't be with them.
text:Yeah, it took me quite a long time to break it off, and I'm glad I did. I'm glad you decided to call it off with your ex too, it's not an easy decision.	labels:Thank you for all your help!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi.
text:How can i support you today?	labels:I'm just looking for a way to cope with the stresses of my job right now. I work in healthcare and have a lot to do and it feels like I have no time to get everything done.
text:I see how that would be overwhelming. It can help to just allow yourself a brief rest when you can.	labels:Do you have any good ideas to cope with stress?
text:I find it helpful to find even just five minutes in the morning or evening to meditate. Some deep breathing to clearly our mind.	labels:What do you do in the moment when you are overwhelmed? I get so busy I feel like a mess and so unorganized.
text:So you feel like everything is happening at once, so how can you get to anything at all?	labels:I just feel like my work performance is suffering. I'm supposed to get things done in a certain amount of time and I don't have the help I need to get everything done. I work for a big company and corporate sets goals that cannot reasonably be met safely in the amount of time we are given with the lack of support.
text:This can be a common stressful feeling in health care. Do you have anyone in the organization you would feel comfortable addressing the workload with?	labels:I do, but in the past when I have said something I wasn't given a solution, only asked what I think could be done. I think we need more staff but they didn't think that was the solution.
text:You are within your rights to only do what can be reasonablly expected with quality and safety in mind. It can be difficult, but do your best and do not allow a sense of pressure to impact you.	labels:Thank you. I really needed to hear this!
text:I know how unrealistic corporate expectations can feel!	labels:Thank you for taking the time to talk with me.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how is your day?	labels:Not good. I was told today that my contract is not being renewed once it ends this month. I am very anxious about finding another job during pandemic.
text:I see, It's been a difficult year for all of us. But I think it would be possible to negotiate.	labels:But I tried negotiating. They are down-sizing the entire sales department. What else can I do?
text:Hmmm, I can see that this is stressful for you. Did you already search for a new job?	labels:Yes I am preparing my resume but job vacancies are few and far between. I am worried about my next job.
text:Okay then, It's good that you already started. But first of all stop being panicked.	labels:Ok. Do you have any ideas for sales positions?
text:Search online and locally, get help from your friends and I assure you if you try hard enough you will suceed.	labels:I will. How can I get help from friends? Only very few are in sales field.
text:And remember, what are we if we stop fighting? Your friends can support you emotionally at least and maybe they know a person that could help you.	labels:I agree. I should never give up. But due to financial commitments, I am somewhat afraid of failing.
text:Life is full of surprises, but we should get advantage of bad situations. It's totally fine to be afraid, but also at the same time     you should try harder to reach your goal.	labels:Yes, so far life has been kind to me even if it surprised me at few places! I will try to make the most of the situation. You are right! Hard work will pay. I need to pull my socks up...
text:Courage is not the absence of the fear, you should fight to find your place.	labels:Sure, after all I am known to be a fighter!
text:Yeah that's the spirit. You can and you should get a job, so start right now!	labels:Yes I will. Thanks a lot for the encouragement!. I truly appreciate your motivational words.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, what's on your mind today?	labels:Hello Gday. How are you tiday?
text:I'm good, anything I can help you with?	labels:I had to break up with my boyfriend cos he was cheating with a friend of mine.
text:oh no... I'm sorry to hear that.. Have you talked to anyone about this?	labels:Thank youu. Not really spoken to anyone. I just felt anger and called it quits. And he woudnt stop lying about it. and feeling entitled.
text:You did the right thing. He did not respect you and chose to lie until the end.	labels:I guess.
text:However, he's not worth getting angry over. You should save your energy for yourself. Use this time to invest in what you've always wanted to do.	labels:Yea i know right. I had only felt anger at the initial sage i guess for both him and my friend. However, that stage passed.
text:You are a strong person. Just cut tie with both of them, you deserve better.	labels:Certainly did. Its totally ok.
text:It seems like you're doing very well despite what happened.	labels:I chose  not to dwell in the negative but rather be happy and look forward to better relationship both sides in the future.
text:that's absolutely the right attitude.. I believe if you invest in yourself to become a better version, someone deserves you will appear soon.	labels:Thank you so much for listening. Absolutely.
text:you're welcome, it's nice to meet someone with positive attitude.	labels:Same here. Nice to make your acquaintance.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening!  What can I help you with tonight?	labels:I am dealing with pandemic depression. We are completely isolated. Can't see friends, family, hug grandkids...
text:That is extremely understandable.  The pandemic is an event no one was prepared for, and it has cause unforseen upheavals. . That is a tough situation, being isolated physically from those that you love.  I'm sorry you're going through that..	labels:It's been going on for months with no end in sight.
text:Are you at least able to maintain contact through text and video chats? .	labels:How do you deal with it? Yes, some video chats, but not the same.
text:Well, I make sure I continue to maintain my relationships as well as possible through the avenues I have available.  It is definitely not the same, but it's what we have at the moment.. Personally, I try to maintain a routine.  First hour after I wake up is coffee time, coffee and social media scroll time.	labels:Then there is my wife. She is very paranoid about the virus. She sanitizes the house even though no one comes in it. Bitches at me.
text:That sounds very stressful, I'm sorry to hear that. .	labels:I appreciate your concern. It helps to have someone to vent to. Is this going to end soon???
text:I definitely cannot answer that.  As long as people keep valuing one another though, we will get through it. .	labels:That sounds really good. I do value her, just not the paranoia.
text:Of course, that's understandable. .	labels:Any thoughts on calming her down?	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi, how are you?	labels:Doing okay, thanks, how are you doing?
text:I am doing all right, thanks. Anything you would like to talk about?	labels:Yes, my fiance and I are splitting up.
text:I am sorry to hear that. How long have you been together?	labels:A little over 5 years.
text:Wow, that is a long time. Breaking up is never easy, but it's especially rough when you were in a long term relationship.	labels:Yes exactly, so I feel like I'm starting all over again.
text:I know how that feels. It's really hard at first, but it gets easier. There are some benefits to being single after all.	labels:Sure, I will have time to focus on myself and start anew. But, I am nervous and apprehensive..
text:It might help to look for a new hobby. That will give you something to focus on, and it could help you meet new people too. My main hobby is baking.	labels:This is true. I have wanted to start going to the gym more and start doing more yoga.
text:I think that's a great idea. Exercise is good for the body and mind. :)	labels:Thank you. I also need to start looking for a new apartment. I am staying with a friend for now.
text:Looking for a new place can be a hassle! But it is kind of exciting too. I think it's nice to move into a fresh new space and experience a change of scenery.	labels:It's been hard with the pandemic, but luckily I have a good friend and she's not rushing me out.
text:Yeah, unfortunately the pandemic has made a lot of things harder :(	labels:Yes, I feel like it had an impact on my relationship.	episode_done:True
text:Hey.\nHow ae you feeling today? Is there anything you need to talk about?	labels:I feel drained, honestly. I'd love to talk about my current dilemma in my friend circle.
text:Can you share the dilemma you are having?	labels:Basically. This has happened for as long as I can remember, even back when I was a little kid. Any friend i've ever had has just used me for SOME gain. Whether that be boredom, money, or an emotional support pillow. I'm so sick of it. They'll literally ignore me for months and randomly text me for money. If i respond theyll read my messages then ignore me until they need money again. Or, they'll use me to throw alllll their problems onto me and never do the same for me. In some way shape or form- every person I become friends with uses me and throws me away when theyre done. Sometimes I feel like it must be me. Maybe i',m annoying? This happens so often the common denominator is ME. But i'm friendly, im assertive, im out spoken, im kind. I don't LET people walk all over me but it seems like that;s all I attract.
text:So you feel under valued in your relationships because people tend to take advantage of you..	labels:Pretty much. it just happens every single time. It's kind of discouraging and just makes me an angry person.
text:It sounds like this is really bothering you. It is good that you are talking about it though. Have you tried telling them how they make you feel?	labels:Some of them. The others I never even get a chance because they just ignore my existence anytime I try and reach out to talk. I've just been waiting for them to pour their problems onto me or have the nerve to ask for money. Then i'll tell them. I already know they won't respond but atleast ill say my peace.
text:After you tell them how you feel do you still give them money or listen to what's going on and try to help them.	labels:No. Whenever I do get to say my peace, i'll just cut contact completely. Lately i've been holding it in and just barely responding if at all. I've told one of them that i have no money and she hasn't contacted me since. But if she tries again i'll say something about the issue. I don't like feeling used. Who even has the nerve to blatantly use somebody like that? It's irritating.
text:It's good that you let them know how you feel. By doing that, you are taking the first step in now allowing them to take advantage of you.	labels:Agreed. I just hope that one day I can meet people and form actual friendships with them.
text:It's really hard to stand up for yourself but it sounds like you are off to a good start. Have you taken any steps in trying to form new more meaningful relationships.	labels:I thought I did. My husband and I made a couple friends. Theyre a couple and so are we so we go on double dates but they seem more drawn to him. Me and the other girl got very close and then boom she randomly decided she only wants to talk to me when shes mad or bored.
text:So feel that this new couple might value the friendship with your husband more then you.	labels:yeah it seems that way. Most people like him more than me and it's weird because he sucks at socializing and doesn't even like them that much. It just doens't make sense but that's just the way the cards were dealt.
text:I used to have a hard time forming a meaningful relationship but then I realized it's because I had nothing in common with the people I was trying to form them with. Once I discovered something I was really drawn to I met people that way like volunteering in my community. Have you tried finding people you have more in common with..	labels:That's actually a great idea! I guess i don't know myself well enough or have any distinct hobbies that would draw me to anybody in particular. It's been great talking with you!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there.  How can I help you today?	labels:I believe we are supposed to talk about my description.
text:Do you have something bothering you today?	labels:Nothing really. I only stated the incident with my friend. How are you today?
text:I'm hear to listen to you in case there is something you would like to get off your chest and maybe give some advice or support.	labels:Okay are you female or male? or how do you identify? I ask because i would want to hear your opinion on why girls pick unecessary fights for no reason with their friends.
text:I am a 65 year old female with lots of experience with children and grandchildren.	labels:Oh that is great. Nice to make your acquaintance.
text:It happens a lot that girls pick fights with their friends and it ends up hurting, right? My experience is that girls pick fights with whoever they feel safe with.  Very strange but my grandchildren told me that they yell at me and take out their bad day on me because they know I will always love them no matter what.	labels:Really? I do not understand the insecurities in this case.
text:Really.  What happened?	labels:Few months ago she picked a fight with another of our friend for no reason. Now its my turn.
text:How do you think you should handle it?  Did something happen in her life and she's taking it out on you?	labels:And for some reason when this happens she expects you to come crawling asking her what you did wrong when infact you did nothing. she would start recalling what happened 5years ago. I really do not know or understand how she processes things. She recently had a baby and we where fine through out the pregnancy stretch, up untill the last month she stopped responding to me. the baby will be months soon and no word from her.
text:Sounds like she's having some issues and she's not happy and taking it out on you.  I'm sure that makes you feel like the bad person here.	labels:Its actually disgusting how a grown up continuously act like a child.
text:I know.  Have you thought about reaching out and just letting her know you are here to speak when she's ready and congratulations on the baby?  Maybe she needs an opening? .	labels:Initially it got me worried, however, knowing her and the childish behavior as always I felt more disgust this time cos i would think a now mum would behave better. Yes well not in that order.
text:How much do you want her in your life?	labels:I sent her a message on her birthday. thats the least i can do. Like im over it tolerating the bad attitude. Honestly right now i do not miss having her in my life and that is sad because we have been friends for over 15years. I guess i just git tired of managing the Nonsense from her. So now i'm indifferent and bare think about her.
text:I wish I could solve this for you but everyone is different.  My granddaughter has had to let go of some relationships that were toxic to her well being and felt better after a period of time.	labels:I know right. You have been helpful by just listening and giving your 2cents. Thank you so much.
text:There are a lot of good people out there just looking for friends.  You sound like a caring person, I bet you'll find new friends. Best of luck.	labels:Im sure i will. I just aint too out for many friends so i limit my circle and carry people along. thank you. Hope you have a good Thanks giving celebration.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm good thanks but pretty frustrated too be honest. It's my friend who has taken to being a pain on Facebook.
text:I'm sorry to hear you are frustrated! I'm gonna do my best to understand and talk through your issue. :) Your friend is being a pain on face book in what way?	labels:He's all of a sudden got an opinion on everything and tries to pull me into arguments with other friends.
text:It sounds like he didn't use to blast his opinion in the past or include you in arguments, is that true?	labels:That is true yes. It's like the world has to listen to his opinion and only his matters and he won't listen to reason. It's very frustrating and it makes me not want to talk to him. My eyes literally roll when I see a post from him.
text:Oh I see! I get where you are coming from. I have a few friends that no matter how long you discuss, they won't let the conversation end unless "they are right." It seems like your friend doesn't like it when he is wrong?	labels:Absolutely and I'm not sure how to broach this with him. I actually feel like it is damaging his reputation. Other friends of ours feel the same way. Not sure what to do?
text:Gotcha so not only are you frustrated with what he is doing, but you are also worried about his reputation! First of all, can I ask if he is just your friend online or if you hangout with him in person too?	labels:That's correct. He is actually a close friend and I wonder what has changed recently to make him like this. I've known him for over 20 years.
text:Okay I see. From personal experience, the best way to confront someone who likes to do most of their confrontations online, is in person. Since he is so used to almost "hiding" behind a screen, his feelings will be more vulnerable and real if you discuss your concerns in person.	labels:Actually I've never thought of it like that. Perhaps a couple of us can have a conversation with him in person. Honestly some off his views are disgusting. I think this needs to stop.
text:A suggestion I would make would be to hangout with him in person, and bring up the issues that you and your friends have been seeing. But it's important to not make him feel overwhelmed. Almost like he is being "ganged up on."	labels:Yes that's good advice, I think we need to be tactful and raise it in the right way. Have you ever experienced something like this with a friend yourself?
text:I can tell that you care about this person as a friend, but you are worried that the way he thinks and talks may ruin that in a way. Make sure to let him know these concerns! It will show him that you guys truly are doing it out of love. And yes I have actually had a very similar experience! Let me explain.	labels:Ok sure please do.
text:One of my best friend's and roommate, had a very hard time separating friendship and roommate issues. It caused a lot of issues in the relationships with our friends. She had a tendency to discuss issues over text and didn't like doing it in person. But we realized, the problem with that is that you can't tell the emotion behind messages on a screen. But once we talked in person, our issues were solved because we could hear the intended emotions behind what we were saying.	labels:Yeah that's useful. I think you are right in that the ambiguity of social interaction online makes him more inclined to say extreme thinks, perhaps to get a reaction. The more I think about it, perhaps this could be an indication that there is something he is dealing with and may be lashing out.
text:Yes exactly. It sounds like he might have other reasonings behind his actions. And you guys talking to him as friends in person, would show him that you care and that he is in a safe environment. He doesn't need to be so extreme.	labels:Yeah I think that's definitely the way forward. Listen this has really helped so thanks for the suggestions and sharing your own experiences.
text:Yes of course! I wish you the best in overcoming this hard time with your friend. I believe that you guys will be able to talk through it since it's a newer issue. :).	labels:I hope so too. Nice to talk to you and thanks again.
text:Of course! Have a good rest of your day.	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHey, how's it going?	labels:Not bad but I'm just getting fed up with work. working for a big corporate just bored me to tears. It's all I know and I feel trapped like I can't escape. I don't want this to be my life for ever!
text:What is it about your job that you don't like?	labels:I think it's all the politics of working in an office, the endless meetings and the people trying to get one over on each other. I find it draining.
text:Bleh, sorry to hear that. I think I understand what you're saying.	labels:Have you had a similar experience?
text:Perhaps it's like following through on your work goals is challenging enough, and then there's a bunch of unnecessary effort on top of it to work around the politics. Yeah, maybe I have. I guess I've been in situations when I was surprised and confused as to why a team couldn't just work together towards the common goal. Does that sound similar?	labels:It does indeed, actually it's like you work in my office. I'm just fearful that if I try something new I won't be able to support myself financially, do you know what I mean?
text:For sure. It's true that you don't *have* to work there, but I'm sure there are factors in play that make it difficult to leave. Here's a blunt question- what do you want to do about it? Do you think you want to get better at being happy in this job? Or work towards getting another job?	labels:That is a very good question. I hadn't thought  about it like that. I think I want to try something new and you have helped me realise this. I don't think I actually want to be happier in my current position. The question is how should I approach it?
text:Small steps, I suppose. What do you think the very very first, small step would be?	labels:I think maybe consider what I actually enjoy and how could I make that profitable.
text:Nice! That's a good first step.. And it's a step that doesn't cost anything to do. Just some time, maybe. Do you think you have enough time nowadays to start looking into that?	labels:I think maybe I could do something on the side while I'm still working until I'm sure of what I want to so. Finding time with a family and a full time job is hard though. That's why so many people get trapped.
text:Yep, for sure. It's not going to be easy..	labels:Do you think it's even possible?
text:Most likely! The only thing keeping me from saying definitely is because I don't know all the info. But sure.	labels:At least that's positive. I need to do something about this because I think it's starting to affect my mental health!
text:I gotta believe that switching careers is much more common nowadays than it was one or two generations ago. People you meet along the way will understand. Absolutely. Work can affect mental health particularly when it seems like your efforts aren't going towards anything meaningful. Is that how it feels at your job now?	labels:That's true actually. Yes that's how I feel right now. You get it. It's like I'm part of a meaningless machine. I think I'm definitely going to do something about it now. Thanks for your input today it has helped.
text:Good to know. Because maybe that's something you could keep in mind when you think about new jobs. Does this job allow me to see meaningful outcomes from my effort, and so on. That's cool, thanks for saying that. It was nice talking with you!	labels:I think that should definitely be a priority. Does this actually add meaning? You too and take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:I've been better to be honest. I think I need to break up with my girlfriend but she moved in last year and I don;' know how to approach it. I think I'm going to be in for a bad emotional time.
text:That seems like a tough situation! What feelings made you decide you need to breakup with her?	labels:It's a bit of a mix. I don't find her attractive that much any more and I think that's important. Also since moving in she is difficult to live with. I can't see myself with her long term.
text:I completely understand that. I recently broke up with my boyfriend earlier this year, because I didn't feel like I loved him as much as I used to. Things like that are important! How long have you guys been together?	labels:It's good that you have had a similar experience and understand what I'm going through. We dated for a while. The thing is she is Italian and has moved countries to live with me. I feel so bad that this has happened.
text:Oh I see. That's a huge step to make in a relationship. So you are hesitant to break up with her because she moved just to be with you? Have you communicated with her about your concerns? Such as being difficult to live with?	labels:Yes that's right, I helped her get a job and thought I'd just see how it goes. Her family loves me and thinks I'm great which makes this even more difficult. We have talked about things yes but she sees it as a bit of a joke I think.
text:I think it's great that we got matched up, because I went through also the exact same situation. My boyfriend and I were long distance, and he moved across the country to be closer to me. So when I felt like we needed to break up, I was experiencing similar guilt that you are experiencing..	labels:It's great that you understand this. I think being the man puts more pressure on me to look after her and make sure she. she's safe etc.
text:I want to reassure you, that doing what's best for you is what is most important! Your partner will understand this if they truly care for you. Things will be tough for a while, but you both will be able to grow from this experience. And just because you don't want to be in a relationship anymore, doesn't mean that you don't care about her! Staying friends after the fact might take the pressure off of you a little bit. You can still help her out and be there for each other, but as friends instead of partner's.	labels:To be honest, it's amazing that you have suggested this. It's really hard to balance my needs and feelings without breaking her heart. It's hard for the person that's dumped but actually I think it is equally hard for the dumper!
text:Yes exactly! It's so difficult for the dumper as well, because of course you still have strong feelings for this person. They just aren't romantic anymore. And that is okay. You don't need to feel guilty for things that you can't control. You can still be there for her without pretending to be in love.	labels:That's exactly it. So do you think I should just talk to her and tell her how I feel? The thing is it's not like she can move out immediately. It's going to be a long drawn out experience..
text:I think talking to her and being transparent about your feelings is definitely the right move. In doing this, reassure her you still want to be friends and you aren't just "kicking her to the curb." Things will obviously be awkward for the first little bit, because continuing to live together will bring it's own difficulties. But the beautiful thing about that is, you guys are already used to it. :) So it's only hard if you make it hard.	labels:Yes, I think I need to emphasize the friends element of it and potentially support her to move on. I suppose I'm fearful that it will never end but I'll need to face into that and stay strong, and obviously avoid being intimate as this would really hurt her if I continued to sleep with her. I need to be careful about that I think!
text:Yes exactly. And from chatting with you, I can tell that you are a very caring person. You don't want to hurt her. I believe that you have the understanding of the situation, and you know what you should and shouldn't do in order to make it work. The hard part is simply getting the courage to finally discuss it. But I think you are going to be able to do that just fine!	labels:I must say, you have been fantastic to talk to about this, we have had a similar experience so I think the advice is coming from experience. Thanks for that!
text:What I've gathered about you as a person, makes me confident that you probably chose a partner that will be able to have this talk with you and you both will come to an understanding. Yes I think it's very great we were able to connect on our issues! It definitely helps. You are welcome! :)	labels:Thank you for a great conversation. To continue as is wouldn't be fair on her and I see that now.
text:Of course! And it wouldn't be fair to her, just as much as it wouldn't be fair to you. Your happiness is just as important!	labels:Yeah, I need to put myself first but also be considerate of her feelings. Thanks for that. Take care and enjoy your day.	episode_done:True
text:hey.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:I'm good, busy. I need another job to pay more bills.
text:It seems you are having a difficult time with your finances. Is that correct?	labels:yes somewhat. i can pay it off within 2-3 years without a second job. id like to pay it off faster though.
text:I'm sure it will take dedication and hard work, but I bet you can do it!	labels:I think so. Im doing mturk for a second job right now. it helps some. i don't know about getting another job.
text:I've been in your shoes and also feel that's a good way to add a little extra income. It can really add up if left to built and used towards a specific goal.	labels:I agree 100%. Been spending it on new clothes and toiletries lately to stock up for the covid shutdown. the extra money helps alot.
text:It definitely can help. Perhaps you could have a separate way of using some of the money to go towards some of the other bills you would like to pay off? Maybe designate a certain percentage for what you are using it towards now, and the rest to other bill concerns.	labels:i currently do that. it's hard to have the patience to pay it off. i hate having debt hanging over my head. i like to have nice things though and they cost money.
text:Yes, and I have found this can be a good way to provide for the extra luxuries we like, without taking away from money that's used towards household bills.	labels:absolutely. i make sure all of my household bills are paid every month. i think it will get better once these debts are paid off. i needed a lot of new things at once since the old had worn out.
text:Have you tried to use some of the scripts that can be added that allows you to catch hits that are hard to get on Mturk? They can be very helpful. Also, there are forums that have all kinds of useful information for workers.	labels:no i haven't tried those yet. do i have to pay for those scripts?
text:You might find it useful to do a little research and add them as extensions to Chrome or whatever browser you use. They are free and pretty simple to use..	labels:So I could make more money on mturk than I am now by using those?
text:They have helped me in being able to get a bit more extra income. The scripts will continually try to grab the hits for you and then put them in your queue if they catch them. It's easier and faster than trying to grab them over and over. The forums can a large amount of help too. Perhaps try MTS. They also can show exactly how much you end up making per hour, filter by monetary amount of hits, etc.	labels:oh wow, thank ya! I'll look into that. MTS is a script? Which script should I use?
text:Of course, I hope it can be of use too you! One I use is Mechanical Turk Suite, which is an extension. I think you can look up as a search for extensions, scripts etc. Or Mturk forums and find out tons of help!	labels:Thank ya! I'll check it out.
text:You're welcome! Best of Luck!	labels:Thank ya! Have a good night. Bye.
text:I think you have it. You too.	labels:Thank ya!. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhey there, how's it going?	labels:alright. just getting by.
text:is there one particular problem or issue that's been on your mind the most lately?	labels:I am estranged from my family and living 5 hours away from everyone I know and my fiance is away for almost 2 more years.
text:That sounds rough, I'm sorry. Being away from people we care about would make anyone feel pretty bad.	labels:Yeah and I really have no friends since I quit drugs so I can't really even text my old female friends.
text:You don't have to answer anything you don't want, but I'm curious- how'd you end up 5 hours away from the people you know?	labels:My fiance's job. He works out of ATL.
text:Gotcha. That's rough for you. Sounds like you made a sacrifice to make that happen.	labels:Yes but he is worth it..
text:Glad to hear that :)	labels:I am just alone down here..
text:A lot of us feel like we need friends around to keep our mood up, or to get support when we're bummed or bored or sad. Sorry to hear you have less friends nowadays. Are you interested in finding new friends?	labels:Yes and no, if they are on my level then yes but if not then no. I don't want to associate with people that do drugs so its been a tough time making friends.
text:Yeah, that's tough. It's tough enough to make friends as an adult in a new city. Tougher still if it seems like a lot of people are into things you don't want to be around.	labels:Yep, so I just work at home since COVID so I don't really get out.
text:What's a word you'd use to describe your feelings about this issue? Sad, lonely, frustrated, etc?	labels:Lonely.
text:Bleh, sorry to hear that. And also, that makes sense based on what you've told me.	labels:Yeah it is okay it has been nice chatting. Hopeful time will go by quickly for me. I thank you for your time. Have a good day.
text:Good talking to you too. Lonely sucks, but in a way it's also okay. I hope you don't feel like you're broken or you're doing something wrong..	labels:No just alone. I will be fine. thank you!
text:Good luck to you and stay safe! Have a good day.	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:What is going on today.	labels:I'm feeling really down about my breakup.
text:\So you have had a breakup recently and you are feeling down about it.	labels:Yes. I thought that it wouldn't be terrible because I initiated it but now I regret it.
text:So are you doubting that you made the right decision or are you just feeling sadness at the loss you are feeling right now.	labels:I'm mainly doubting my decision and I know there's nothing I can do about it.
text:You must have had good reason's to have made the decision to breakup and to have initiated it.  Its normal to doubt yourself afterwards.  You may want to remind yourself of the reasons that you came to your decision you did.  Im sure the reasons are still valid.	labels:I did it because I'm trying to focus on self-improvement but looking back now, there's no reason I couldn't have improved myself with my partner.
text:So you felt the need to have some time to fucus on your own goals and growth and now you feel like you could have stayed in the relationship and you are doubting that you needed to take the step of breaking up.  In my experience at times we need to be single for self growth and I have found that personal growth usual thrives when I am single. .	labels:That's what I hope for. I just can't get over missing my partner because they were great to me, I just needed to be alone.
text:I think you are feeling a loss even though you feel that at this time you need to be alone to focus on your own growth. When you had the conversation about this breakup were you honest about why you need the space and that your problem was not with the relationship but with maybe the timing.  I think with communication and after growth perhaps by keeping the door open with this person maybe you can have some sort of relationship in the future even if its friendship or maybe more.  You are doing what is right for yourself at the given time.	labels:I did get the chance to explain my reasons a few days after the breakup. We were friendly and talked casually for a few more days and then they said they needed to space to get themselves together. We haven't really talked since then. The problem is I'm open to something in the future but I don't know that they are and I can't find the courage to ask.
text:I have been in both situations before the one who needed space and also as the one who was broken up with.  I think right now the best thing you can do for you and the person is to stick with your decision and give them time they also may need space to process and deal with the breakup and growth for themselves without really letting go you won't be able to grow in time you can have a conversation and ask but it might be six months down the road wait for them to come to you they have asked for time as you did too soon.	labels:I think I can do that. They needed space because it was hard going from being in a relationship to being friends in a matter of days. I guess I'll just have to continue working on myself and see how things go.
text:Focusing on yourself sounds like the best thing you can do. Start on that list of self improvements you want to make.  Connect with friends you may have lost touch with.  Your going to be great.	labels:I like that idea. Thank you for your help!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nHi, how are you?	labels:I am Ok but starting to get a little bit worried about my work situation.
text:I see. Can you tell me about what's happening with you at work that's bothering you?	labels:I work on projects and have a role for the next couple of months but I will need to look for work and am struggling to find something. I think this is due to covid. I'm afraid I'll lose my house.
text:It sounds like you're in a tough spot right now, not knowing what your future will be like.	labels:Yeah that's right. It's the uncertainty that's making me fearful.
text:Yes, I can sense that you're quite anxious and fearful.	labels:I don't know what to do for the best and how to really get myself out there again.
text:I imagine it must be difficult. From a practical standpoint, have you tried to reach out to people you can trust in your personal and professional network to see whether there are opportunities for work?	labels:That is a really good suggestion I have tried agencies but not actually made a concerted effort with my network. I think I'm in panic mode!
text:It's understandable that you're feeling a sense of panic now. I imagine everyone would feel that way.	labels:Yeah true, the news is all soon and gloom and there doesn't appears to be support for those that are still in work. or is there?
text:Yes, the news can be depressing. Is there a support group of some sort in your area?	labels:I haven't checked, I suppose I can find one online. Have you ever used one personally?
text:I have in the past. It's more common than people think.	labels:I'll give it a try and see if it helps. Thanks for the suggestion. Hopefully with my network I'll find something more permanent in future. I hope!.
text:I hope you'll find something too. I've found that when you reach out, people can be more willing to help than you expect.	labels:That's great advice. I'll stay positive and keep trying. I suppose many people emails are in a similar position..
text:Yes, times are tough for many people..	labels:Thanks for your help. It has been good to talk it through and also thanks for the suggestions.	episode_done:True
text:hello. hello?\nHello there.	labels:how are you i guess you read my situation.
text:Actually I haven't seen the details. How can I help you ?	labels:I have been out of work . my father passed last year we have to move to a smaller home and I am my mother care giver.
text:That must be a real challenge. Anyone would feel stressed in this situation.	labels:yes it has been at least when he was alive we had his income it was stressfull but we had the money to keep up with things.
text:So you used to rely on his income and now you are struggling to make ends meet?	labels:yes and with Covid its been even harder.
text:I have also felt that COVID has added additional pressure in my life. You are not alone in thinking this. It must be tough.	labels:yes for all , so we are moving but thats been a pain also getting approved for a mortgage packing up and still caring for my mother.
text:So from talking to you it seems like there has been a sudden death which has been difficult, financial challenges as a result and all this is mixed with Covid and moving house. This must be incredibly stressful.	labels:yes I cant sleep and when I do I wake up in a panic middle of the night.
text:Have you tried looking at your problems individually and trying to tackle them in smaller manageable steps?	labels:yes but it all seems to hit me at once. in hoping the move helps but it will be a big change much smaller hone. home.
text:Have you looked into financial support for people in your situation who care for others, such as government support or subsidies?	labels:yes but she isnt that sick yet where they would pay and both of us being high risk looking for work has been hard.
text:Many people are surprised by what help is actually available if they take a look. The government has provided quite comprehensive support, especially for carers.	labels:i will have to look in to it more once the move is complete.
text:I think you are trying to stay positive which is a good thing. It is easy to give up but I think you can get through this.	labels:i hope so its been a hard last couple of years with money parents health stress but i no im not the only one.
text:Not at all but I would suggest looking for help. There is no shame in asking for support. We all need that at times.	labels:yes I know I need to get passed my embarrassment.
text:There is no need to feel embarrassed. I think it shows strength it character to realise when help is needed and your situation is very challenging.	labels:thank you I feel this just getting it all out has helped some.
text:You are welcome and I'm glad that it helped.	labels:yes thank you for your insight.	episode_done:True
text:Hi!  How's it going today?	labels:Hello! I'm pretty good today, what about you?
text:I'm doing really well, thanks.  What brings you here today?	labels:I'm just having some old thoughts about a past relationship. IT's making me sad.
text:I can appreciate that.  Thinking about lost loves makes me sad too! What about this particular relationship makes you feel sad?	labels:Yeahhh I re read some old messages from a while back and just started thinking about it again. IT's going to sound quite dramatic, but I regret breaking up with this person. I feel as though they were my soulmate. And I ruined it.
text:Oh...I see, you think s/he's the "one who got away?" Why did you break up?	labels:Pretty much... but the dumb thing about that is I am the one who broke it off. I was with him since beginning of high school, and so I never knew anything other than him. But Earlier this year I was having second thoughts and thought we should try new things for a while. In the beginning, I was doing fine and he was having a really hard time. But now I miss him more than anything and he is now better off without me.
text:Wow...that does sound painful. I know how hard it is to let go of a guy you really loved.  I've had to break up with a few of them over the years!	labels:Yeah? Do you miss any of them? Or do you feel like it was right for you in the long run.
text:In the long run, I feel that those break-ups were absolutely necessary.  I'm in a really good place now.  And they are too. .	labels:Yeah that is good. That is everything that I'm hoping for. But it's not coming fast enough.
text:I eventually learned to think of it like this: every man I loved taught me something important about myself.  ANd I taught them things about themselves.  ANd it doesn't happen overnight.  But eventually, you will probably be able to see how you grew as a result of the breakup. Maybe the things you will learn can help you be ready for Mr Right!	labels:I really appreciate that way of looking at it. Of course I will always cherish my memories and the things I learned from him. And I want to think of those things as happy experiences rather than sad memories.
text:That's a really good way of looking at it.	labels:How long did it typically take you to finalyl be over them and happy with what you ecperienced?
text:Oohh.... I think it really depended on how long I was with them.  ANd why I decided to end it.  The longer relationships Maybe a few weeks to a few months before I was ready to move on and try again.  BUt Only a fraction of that was crying with Ben & Jerry's!	labels:Hahaha yes. That really does help honestly !
text:For me it just happened that one day, I thought about Gary and I didn't really feel that sad anymore.  I just thought...wow, we had some good times. B&J's and a few good rom-coms ought to put you in a better mood!  Lol.	labels:Yeah I guess I am just waiting for that day when my thoughts are genuinely me just grateful for the times we shared but not missing them. And honestly, some days I do feel like that! And then it all comes back. I think I am getting there.
text:It really sounds like you are making progress! Just remember the old saying "time heals all wounds."	labels:Yeah exactly. You are right! Thanks so much.
text:It's my pleasure!  I hope you keep feeling stronger!	labels::) I definitely will.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:I am okay, thanks.
text:Is there anything you’d like to talk about?	labels:Yes, lately my friends have been going through divorces and many have moved away.
text:Wow, you’ve lost friends. I know how that feels.. So you’re missing them?	labels:Yes, it's very sad and a difficult situation because my husband is friends with some of the husbands and I am friends with the wives.
text:I honestly believe we all go through that.. I think it’s especially difficult with divorce..	labels:Maybe. I never thought I would to this extent. The pandemic created so much stress for people.
text:Friends are so important to me also.. Do you thing the covid crisis has caused more divorces?	labels:Right. It's tragic to see so many going through divorces and separations at the same time.
text:It’s certainly more difficult to make new friends now..	labels:Yes, I have 4 sets of friends divorcing and they all separated after March 2020. It is. Nothing is open anymore and so many people are guarded.
text:Wow, that’s difficult.. You’re married?	labels:It is. And 3 of my friends are moving home to be with family who all live out of state and far away. I am married. My husband and I are fine. We've actually grown closer despite all of this.
text:I sure miss my friends..	labels:Yes, me too.
text:That’s wonderful, I am closer to my spouse now also..	labels:That's good. It seems this crisis is either a divider or a unifier. There's no in between.
text:Have you considered new activities, like hobbies?.	labels:Yes, I have been going to the gym more. I am training to run a 7 minute mile.
text:I learned how to how tobake sourdough bread for instance.	labels:I love sourdough bread. I should learn how to do that too. Well thank you for the friendly chat. I appreciate your suggestions and support.
text:One other thing, many insurance companies are providing chat via computer with counseling..	labels:That's good to know. I should look into that. Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you doing today?	labels:I am really bummed. I got a bad grade on a paper. How are you?
text:I am sorry to hear that. I am ok thank you for asking. will your bad grade affect your overall grade very bad?	labels:probably. I think it will affect my final grade a lot.
text:oh no, do you think you could do something to earn some extra credit?	labels:The professor doesn't give extra credit. :-( I've never gotten a bad grade on a paper before.  Sometimes on tests.  But not on papers.
text:I was the opposite in school i could pass a test no problem but i was not good on writing papers.	labels:LOL.
text:Is your overall grade pretty high without the grade from this current paper?	labels:It was the first grade of the semester.  So only participation otherwise!
text:Maybe you could talk to your teacher and find out what they feel you could have done differently to get a better grade.	labels:Yeah...that's not a bad idea.
text:since it is only your first grade of the semester try not to let it get you to down, i am sure you can pull you average back up.	labels:Overall he said that these grades (to those of us who get them) were like him saying that we might want to reevaluate our career goals! Thank you.  That's a nice thing to say.
text:i would not take that to personally. i am sure he was just saying that to make everyone second guess themselves and push themselves to work harder.	labels:That's a good thought, too. Thank you.
text:Oh no thanks need you seem to be very smart i am sure you are going to do well.	labels:Well, you are very nice.  I think it's always good to thank people for being nice!
text:well thank you its always nice to feel apperciated!	labels:My pleasure.
text:I wish you all the best of luck with your schooling this semester!	labels:Thank you!  ANd happy holidays!	episode_done:True
text:HELLO HOW ARE YOU TODAY?	labels:Hi! I am feeling down and upset.
text:CAN YOU FIND ONE POSITIVE THING THAT HAPPENED TODAY?	labels:No! I keep hearing the negative cruel remarks being repeated in my head over and over.
text:WHAT DO YOU HEAR?	labels:Also, you typing in all caps consistenly makes it feel like you are yelling at me. How I am worst than a pig. I am white trash! Even pigs are cleaner than I am . I am worthless.
text:I apologize I broke my hand and its easier for me.	labels:Ok no worries . I am so sorry. Please continue in caps. I just sprained my left thumb and wore a splint. It was so difficult and painful so ignore my comment.
text:I am sorry that the world has hurtful people. are these people who can be avoided?	labels:No I currently live with him. My ex was way worst.
text:Can you get away from this situation? I have resources that could help you.	labels:I have two boys and he said if I left him I would never see kids again.
text:we can get the kids to safety as well.	labels:no I know him and he took photos of the house . He has proof I ve been diagnosed with Major clinical depression so he d prove I m unfit.
text:do you think this something to be reconciled?	labels:possibly but he won't go to therapy nor am I allowed to either.
text:Well thats concerning. He could not prove anything if he  is keeping you from therapy. essentialoly denying you medical care.	labels:Thanks for trying . I am going to go lay down and take a nap!
text:can i help in anyway.	labels:No thank you for your suggestions. I will think about it. Hope you get better soon with arm . Good luck. and Keep safe..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you today?	labels:Hi! I'm alright, wbu?
text:I'm doing good! Have you been struggling with anything lately?	labels:Yeah honestly. I am struggling with money currently, but I don't want to find a new job. I love my job and I love the people, I don't want to start over at a new place. But income is rough right now. So I'm having a hard time deciding what to do.
text:That sounds like a hard decision to make, I recently went through a very similar situation with my employer. Money issues are hard to deal with because it affects our livelihood.. Is it possible for you to receive a raise from your current job?	labels:Yes, but not for a while. So I'm not sure if waiting is worth it.
text:It sounds like you are really stressed over the future possibilities. It also seems like you love you job now so it may be hard to leave.	labels:Yeah exactly.
text:Are there any better paying jobs near you that you think you could enjoy just as much?	labels:Of course I've looked and thought about it, but there's no way of really knowing unless I try them out. I could always try a new job while keeping my current one and decide which one is better, but then I would be overworking myself and more stressed I think.
text:It sounds like you have a good understanding of the different possibilities that you have. It also sounds like it may be more stressful for you to leave your current job.	labels:Yeah probably. I might just need to start really budgeting and living more scarcely for a while. And even though that sucks, I will probably be happier in the long run.
text:I have recently started using different budgeting apps that also include different coupons available at my local grocery stores. Have you tried any of these that might help budgeting?	labels:No I haven't but that's a good idea!
text:There are so many different options available and some even provide small loans until your next payday, I know I have used these when I was in a tight spot..	labels:You're right. I have so many options that I can use to stay where I am at and stay happy. I'm gonna keep this job and do what I can until raise time.
text:I think that's a great idea and will provide you much more happiness in the long run.	labels:Thank you so much for chatting with me! It really helped me with my unsureness.
text:I'm so glad I could help, it seems like you're really making a great choice that will benefit you and provide great support in the near future.	labels:Yeah :) I hope you have a great rest of your day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhey friend! I should let you know that if you have typed in a description, i cant see it. how are you doing ?	labels:I am doing alright, and yeah I did type in the description. Do you want me to tell you what I typed?
text:If you're willing to share, please.	labels:So I'm frustrated with an ex-friend right now. I lived with her and 2 other friends and she just moved out the day before rent was due and then blocked us on everything so we couldn't ask her to pay her rent. So I'm pretty frustrated, but also sad that a friend would do that, yanno?
text:ouch. that sounds like it really hurts. how are you feeling about that? betrayed? sad? mad?	labels:All of the above reallu. really.
text:Yeah, its a low blow. What are you looking for around this?	labels:I'm not really sure what you mean by that. I guess I'm looking for closure from her. Because she left without really any explanation.
text:Closure seems only reasonable.  Realistically, logically, I can't give that to you here. I can do all sorts of other things though. I can remind you that all that you feeling is totally valid!	labels:Haha yeah that's true. It would be unreasonable to want closure from someone who doesn't even know why themselves! Thank you for validating me :)
text:And know that closure isn't something anyone can give you, you can give it to yourself. You may never forget this act, but you have the option to forgive, to be compassionate to whatever you friend may be going through, and act with love.	labels:Yeah you are right. It wouldn't be good to hold onto these negative feelings for so long. I need to move on. Focus on the good.
text:Heck yeah! Theres no need to give your energy and power away, and if your friend comes back into your life, you can repair and heal. Whats brought you joy today?	labels:Something that brought me joy today was seeing some work friends when I got to work :) I just got a new tattoo and everyone had been complimenting it!
text:Thats great! I judge you are worthy of the compliments :) Thanks for connecting with me today!	labels:Thank you too! You've been really helpful. Have a nice day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhello. how was your day?	labels:Not very good. I just learned today that my job will be making layoffs.
text:that's sounds good, you are learning about your job.	labels:No, that isn't good. People will lose their jobs. Possibly me.
text:don't worry my friend believe on your progress and hardwork and the luck too may be yours.	labels:I don't have seniority in my position. I have only been at my job for 5 years.
text:i could understand your state right now. its hard to be in this position of fear.	labels:Yes, the uncertainty is crippling. Especially in these times.
text:yes, you are right especially during this pandemic many people face these kind of difficulties.	labels:I'm not sure what to do and I just want to know what my company plans to do.
text:Always hope for a best result. This will keep you optimistic.	labels:I am definitely trying to stay optimistic and hopeful.
text:  That' sounds too good .At the same time be ready to face whatever the life gives us.	labels:I agree. I am keeping my options open in case there are layoffs.
text:Life is full of surprises and miracles. and the same time life is full of pains and sorrow. it matters how we see even the layoff thing you can take it either as a surprise or pain.	labels:Well being laid off could be painful because I really like my job and it will be hard to find similar pay.
text:i have  also faced the same problem before two years but the luck was on my side at that time and not last for long after some months i was asked to leave but now i become normal.	labels:Well that's good. I am hoping for the best for myself and my collegues. colleagues.
text:that's good. you seems to be more optimistic and acceptable in nature and your concern about your colleagues is great.	labels:Thank you for your support.	episode_done:True
text:hi. hello!!??!!??\nhello.	labels:hi.
text:I apologize I was having a sneezing fit! What is on your mind today?.	labels:oh no. i hope its not covid! my friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from covid.
text:No, cats and out of claritin.. oh my, that is horrible!.	labels:i hear ya. just bought some claritin this morning for allergies. I agree. at least she is responding to the treatments in the hospital.
text:That's great to hear she is responding!	labels:I was happy to hear it too. I've been extra careful not to get it cuz of my parents.
text:ah, are they elderly or have a weakened immune system?.	labels:elderly. dads doctor told me not to meet friends in person cuz i could pass it onto him.
text:gotcha. you must live with them to help them out!.	labels:i sure do. thing is people my age are getting very sick with it too. and some elderly are not. so i could be helping myself more than my dad.
text:mine are in another state so i don't have to worry about my behavior. you are right though, anyone can get it...i should probably be more careful myself.	labels:yes absolutely. never know. its a weird virus. best to keep immune system high which i have been.
text:i have increased my vitamins i admit. have you as well?.	labels:yes  and started taking airborne for vitamin c.
text:that's great!	labels:Thank ya. I worry about my other relatives out of state.
text:i am hoping it all ends soon...i miss how things used to be.	labels:me too. i feel like im living in a bubble lol.
text:i think we all worry about outofstate relatives. mine are all out of state... the holidays will be hard. lol living in a bubble wrap bubble!	labels:I hear ya. We just have to hope for the best. I already made thanksgiving meal yesterday for my dad and dog. They both slept after eating turkey lol. yeah for real lol tons of bubbles in bubble wrap.
text:very true..just keep on keeping on! :).	labels:exactly. ive been shopping since covid. its very theraputic actually. cheaper than a shrink lol.
text:yes....but my recycling pile has gottene out of hand with amazon boxes. oops lol.	labels:oh no lol i hear ya. lol shopping can be addictive.
text:a lot of things can be addictive!.	labels:like chocolate- which i have a stash of- woops lol.
text:haha.	labels:lol.
text:anything else you want to talk about?	labels:nope im good. thanks for talking with me!
text:have a good day!.	labels:you too!	episode_done:True
text:hello. anybody home?\nHello! What would you like to talk about today?	labels:Hi, a little bit of anxiety of academics.
text:Can you tell me more about this anxiety?	labels:Well, I am nervous about a test I have coming up because I am wondering if I learned enough. ok?
text:I am here, it seems that you don't feel like you've studied enough. Is that correct?	labels:That and because of the pandemic, I have not been able to connect with the teacher enough to know if I am completing things correctly.  What can I do?
text:It truly depends on the subject! There are online sites that provide free additional instruction. Can you tell me what the class is?	labels:Its a math class.  I have tried connecting with other students but many are just as confused as me, especially when it comes to showing the work part.  You mentioned online sites, how accurate and helpful are those?
text:Khan Academy is absolutely fantastic! It is extremely helpful and accurate since it is run by educators.	labels:Ok, I have to check that out as I have never heard of them.  Did they have any reviews on how helpful they are in the math field?
text:No but I am a former math teacher and I would give them to my students!	labels:Okay, that is great.  That eases my anxiety a bit.
text:I am so glad! I know online school is stressful but I think you can do it.	labels:Thanks.  I am learning as I go and I am believe I am getting better.  Just got to get use to it. .
text:I can recommend other resources if you'd like.	labels:Thank you, just a couple more if you have them.
text:If this is an upper level math course, you can go to university sites! They always have lessons.	labels:Okay, I will check that out.  Thanks for your help.
text:Of course! Did you have any other questions?	labels:No, that was all.  Thank you for your assistance and providing me with some sources that can definitely help.  Have a great day!!
text:Good luck studying! You're capable of doing well!	labels:Thanks again for the words of encouragement.  Goodbye!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi.	labels:how are you? Good day.
text:I am fine. How about yourself?	labels:i am alright, thanks.
text:That's good.	labels:yeaa.
text:Is there anything you need today?	labels:well going by my description i believe we are supposed to talk about my previous situation.
text:Yes we are. Would you like to tell me about it ?	labels:Im not sure if you saw that. Okay easy peasy. I broke up with my boyfriend because he heated on me with my friend.
text:I'm sorry, no I didn't see that information. Will you explain your situation to me?	labels:in details?
text:I see. It sound like your bothered by that.	labels:I had a friend i thought i could trust. i never knew both my Ex and her where sneaking behind my back. I was. at the time it angered me. But im sure i moved past it.
text:So how did you handle that situation? That's good that you've moved passed it.	labels:Called it quits.
text:Are you happy with your decision?	labels:Took me a long time tho to get over it.
text:It takes time for trust wounds to heal but you've handle it greatly.	labels:Yes all things being equal i believe that was the right thing to do. considering relationships cannot work without some form of trust.
text:Good for you! Have you heard of Cheater's Anonymous?	labels:Is that an app?
text:Yes it is. They help you learn to trust again if that's what you want. Would you like the web address?	labels:Ohh i see. Yes please. that would be nice.
text:I'm so proud of you. Here you go. WWW.CHEATERSANNONYMOUS.COM.	labels:Thank you somuch.
text:The address is case sensitive so be sure to use all CAPITALS.	labels:Oh right.
text:No thank you. You assured me people can work through their issues. Good luck.	labels:I will remember that. Ofcos. It may take time but it will sure happen.
text:I don't think I could have done as well as you in that situation.	labels:Oh really? Are you somuch of an emotional wreck ? I mean it isnt easy but we are strong humans and can pull through whatever.
text:I just meant if I ever got in your situation I would remember what you did and go from there. Thanks.	labels:You are welcome.
text:You are right that we are strong humans.	labels:And thank you for listening.
text:it was no problem. I love hearing how people solve their issues.	labels:Good to know.	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am here to talk about my overall daily stresses.\nHi!  Tell me what's going on.	labels:yeah I guess different factors, just self isolation for months due to the pandemic, and nearing the end of my studies and experiencing that final last-minute crunch with studying and assignments. I am more stressed and anxious than anything, and not really depression.
text:Understood.   You have a lot on your plate, especially with the "new normal".	labels:yes that's right. The plate issue is more to do with my studies now than the pandemic. Though the pandemic is adding to my anxiety and fear of the outside world. especially when I have to go out everytime for errands and personal admin.
text:Are you doing online schooling?  And yes, going anywhere  can be a bit nerve-wracking.	labels:yes I am. I preferred the old-school way. I've completed university before and it's much better to do things in-person. My online studies have been in place even before the pandemic. Just finishing up with courses and catching up with last minute stuff. I feel like so little time when in fact I had loads of time for the last few months. I just seem to think and do things slower and more distracted.
text:I understand; sometimes I have moments like that, too.	labels:like time is moving on so quickly and there's so little hours in the day but I feel that I don't do enough in a day with my school, kind of distracted or wasted time and then when I do something, I look at the time and am sometimes surprised at how much time had actually elapsed when it felt like I didn't do much.
text:What kind of things are you doing for yourself?  Do you have a place to or a thing to do to...decompress?	labels:I think this has to do with the pandemic at the start of the year and that changed my momentum and rhythm in life and coupled with social isolation, which puts a damper on my studying mentality, I think. I spend tons of time at home nowadays. I try to surf the net and read up on stuff, and that takes a lot of my time, and kind of aimless, and what I would say is procrastination. I work out from time to time, but not as much as I used to before the pandemic.
text:Sure, it sometimes feels like time is different right now.   Like your typical life patterns just did a complete circle.	labels:I wanted to set aside hobbies and things to develop, like writing during the pandemic, and improve on that skill, but I never got to do that. And now so many months have gone by, and all that's on my mind and plate now are my studies, because it's like I do things slower and leave it till the last minute, even though I know I can pass, but just not as good a mark as I would have liked and not my usual work and study ethics from before. yeah not only a complete circle but to me, it's like an aimless road to nowhere, and it goes on and on and repeats day after day. that's how it felt for the last few months. and everyday is the same and at home, and only two months ago I started working in a new part-time position and that got some normalcy back and less stress and alleviated unpredictability with the economy for me.
text:Understood!  I'm not in the exact same situation, but I feel you.  There's the thought there would be so much to do things and...there's not.   And you feel stuck a bit.	labels:stuck for sure. It still amazes me that it's november and not march, because it still feels like that. and nowhere as festive, fun, and alive as last november. It's a huge change.
text:Definitely a massive change!	labels:it feels nothing special, and not normal, and not even like a real november, you know? It's like even if it's christmas, I wouldn't ackowledge it's christmas even though it is, because of the changes and we can't do the things we used to do. hopefully, scientists can study all these phenomena and our physiological, social, and mental responses to the pandemic. There will be so much that can be learned from all this, I feel.
text:Of course.    We can'r celebrate the way we used to, we might not be able to visit family.   Oh yes, this is a learning opportunity about anxiety and isolation.	labels:And it's worse because I live by myself so don't have someone here. But I do talk on the phone with my friend daily about things and that does help a lot. yeah like for me, I am not able to fly back to visit my folks this year, and this is the first time. And I feel bad about it but nothing I can do.
text:That's good that you have people to reach out to.	labels:yeah anyways, thanks for listening and understanding. I appreciate your input very much. It does help for me to vent I guess and for someone to listen. I am good to go now. thanks a lot for your help.
text:You're welcome!    Venting can be great!   Take care of yourself and stay in touch with your friends.	labels:will do. And best of luck to you. Stay well and stay safe. Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:hello!	labels:Hi there.
text:How are things going for you today?	labels:Things are okay, a little bit of anxiety about my job, but good for the most part.
text:Okay, with some job anxiety, Would you be willing to say more about that?	labels:Yes, sure. I work in an industry heavily impacted by COVID-19, and my company has announced pay cuts as well as potential layoffs starting next year if things don't improve soon.
text:Woah. Blessings to you for existing in what sounds like a stressful situation. How is self care going during this?	labels:Thank you. Self care is going well, I make sure to take walks every day and spend time with family.
text:Heck yeah! You're worth it! Thats great that you do those things for yourself. Is there anything you want to have happen here?	labels:Thanks! I appreciate it. Just chatting with someone and getting some positive reinforcement helps. COVID-19 has given me a lot of anxiety in general, I haven't left the house except to grocery shop since March, and we've got some family members who take it a lot less seriously than we do and are asking us to go over for the holidays. Just a lot of anxiety in general, but trying to stay positive helps. And the recent news about the vaccines also help! Thanks for listening :) I appreciate you cheering me on.
text:But of course! Tell me, what gold would you say you have reaped from this year? What goodness or strength have you discovered?	labels:Well, spending a lot more time at home with my fiance has helped us grow closer. And I'm in very good physical shape because of all the walking, exercising, and self care, so that's good!
text:Go you! Sounds like you've really found some gifts in all this hardship. What are some things that have brought you joy today?	labels:Haven't had much happen today, but I did make myself a great lunch. And my cooking skills have gotten a lot better during the pandemic! Thanks for the chat, I'm in a much better mood now than I was before!
text:Wonderful! If I'd have to put on a bow on it, I'd ask....What kind of person stays positive, grows closer to their partner, and takes care of themselves?	labels:A strong one :)
text:Nailed it!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there!  How can I help you this afternoon? .	labels:I'm just feeling really down lately and would like to talk to someone who understands.
text:Feeling consistently sad is a tough place to be.   I'm sorry to hear you're going through that. .	labels:Thank you. I think since the pandemic it's gotten worse. It's hard to find the "reason" to go about my day.
text:I can certainly understand that.  Are you working or attending classes from home? .	labels:I graduated in the spring but haven't been able to find a job because of what's going on, so that's been tough. My wife works from home though. What about you?
text:It's very hard to maintain a sense of consistency when we have few boundaries on our time, or a daily routine. .	labels:Very true! I try to keep a routine with exercise and cooking, things like that. Going outside for walks...
text:I have been attending school online, and I occasionally make deliveries for my husband and I's small business. .	labels:Oh that's great!
text:Yes, a daily routine is good for normalizing change.  It's also good for structuring in time to relax and recharge, which you still need even if you aren't currently employed.  Times are still very stressful and uncertain, and that takes an emotional toll no matter who you are. .	labels:That's true. Very good points. It's hard to find a purpose right now because I'm unable to find work. When I started going to school I certainly wasn't expecting any of this to be happening (obviously). I waited until my 30s to go to college so I feel angry that all of this is happening.	episode_done:True
text:hi how are you today?	labels:I am doing okay.
text:That is good to hear.	labels:I am a little stressed out this holiday season.
text:oh no i am so sorry to hear that! What seems to be stressing you out the most about it?	labels:Well my husband recently got his hours cut and we are struggling.
text:i am sorry to hear that i know that must be really stressful this time of the year.	labels:Yes i am worried that i wont be able afford my childrens christmas presents.
text:I feel you on that, we are a one income family and trying to find the extra cash to provide for our kids Christmas is always a big factor for us. . Do you have any family or friends that you could talk to that may could help you out until the first of the year?	labels:Yes same here. I have three children under the age of 6 so they are still in the innocent stage. Unfortunately no i am not good terms with my family.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Have you spoke to your husband about the stress you feel from his hours being cut? Maybe you both could come up with a plan to move some bills around to make it work.	labels:We have been trying for a couple months but nothing seems to work.
text:Do you have any friends that you could maybe start babysitting for or cleaning houses for? Sometimes I post on my local moms group looking for small jobs and luck up there.	labels:I try to do work from home and i need be here for my youngest. I think i am feeling better though. I just needed to get it off my chest.
text:I understand that, my youngest has autism so my schedule is very limited.	labels:Yeah my son is developmentally behind . fifteen months and still barely crawling or talking. Thank you for listening and i wish you well.	episode_done:True
text:I am feeling depressed.\nCan you tell me more about your feelings?	labels:I feel lost and lonely,i do not know what to do.
text:When did these feelings come about.	labels:They came about when i lost my job in August of this year.
text:I can understand where your coming from with that, especially since this pandemic occurred.	labels:Yes,finances have especially been very tight.
text:it seems like this could be overwhelming to you and trying to figure out the right path to go forward.	labels:It is,have you ever encountered such a situation in your life?
text:I can relate to you in this situation 100% and if it wasnt for me stepping out on faith and opening my own practice, I wouldnt be here now.	labels:How did you snap out of the situation,did you have some savings?
text:Always putting money aside when able, and doing lots of research about first time businesses gave a lot of insights. Have you tried to look into things like that yourself?.	labels:Yes,i have been researching a lot too but it is difficult given that i have been surviving on the savings i had.Also it is very difficult to get a loan currently.
text:That I do understand as well. This pandemic has made it hard for everyone. Are you a parent with any little ones by chance?	labels:Yes,i have two children,5 and 9 year olds.
text:So here is some information that I have in my files to help others during this time. There is self-help.org that is labeled as being a self help during these times. There is also websites that i used like offerup and PoshMark where I was able to start selling some of my belongings to constantly bring in funds. Also try to google "How to become a first time business owner" and see if any of this information helps you and your family.	labels:That is very helpful of you.I have been wandering all over the internet lost and not knowing where to find help from.I will definitely check this out and make good use of them.Did you also get any funds from anyone?
text:I know that it can be hard and frustrating during this time, but you have to remain focused for your family and stay strong because I am sure they look up to you. With myself I did have to go to a lot of friends and family, but my faith and my blessings came from God. Looking to him to help with your problems and actually listening to his words would really alleviate some of the stress that is so draining.	labels:I agree that God is our ultimate guide and helper in all this.He will never forsake us no matter what.I will definitely turn to him at this time to seek for his guidance and with faith He will see me through.
text:Just keep your eyes on the prize because this means that HE has something bigger in store for you!	labels:True,you have been very helpful and i appreciate you taking the time to talk to me.
text:You are very welcome and I am glad that I was able to be here for you.	labels:My pleasure too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how is your day going.	labels:I guess my day is going fairly well. I just got some bad news and its got me down.
text:Im sorry to hear that please tell me about it.	labels:Well I was given a promotion at my job to take a supervisor position. The only thing that my supervisor needed from me was my 12th grade transcripts, and I'm having a hard time getting them. They have given me a total of 3 weeks and I wasn't able to accomplish it .So they had to go with someone else.
text:I understand that can be flustering. Have you tried contacting your school for help?	labels:So it pretty much has me down, because my other co-workers were looking for me to step up and i feel that I've let them down.
text:It is hard to let your coworkers down but you could be honest with them and tell them what happened .	labels:Yes I've tried asking the administration office and they said since its been over 10 yrs that those files are stored in another building. They went to the building and wasn't able to find it. So at this point my hands are tied and I'm screwed.
text:One thing you need to assure yourself of is that it wasnt your fault. You do have some other methods available to you to get the transcripts..	labels:I've done that but so many people look up to me and its just hard to for me to be there on a daily basis knowing that I had this big opportunity and that I want be able to fulfil.
text:Have you tried contacting your State or county board of education?	labels:Are you saying that I do have other methods? But they have already moved forward with another candidate.. Yes that's who I contacted at the beginning of my search.
text:The good news is your coworkers will always look up to you even if you are not in the supervisor roll. Your coworkers look up to you because of the person you are.	labels:Thats true in some aspect.
text:You can still be a big influence to your coworkers without being in the supervisor roll. I think if you spent some time being a mentor to some of your coworkers you would feel better about the situation.	labels:I believe that's the only positive part dealing with this situation,.
text:Your coworkers obviously look up to you and would appreciate your leadership in mentoring..	labels:Ive been a mentor 3 years out of 3 1/2 years Ive been with company.
text:Take this oppertunity to share your experience with your coworkers and reach out to your management for more training that is available to you. Perhaps you can take some online classes on your own and show management that you are taking an interest in advancing in the company..	labels:Thats a good ideal ill think about doing that. Thanks for your advice.
text:Your welcome I'm glad I was able to help.  Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:Thats it have a blessed day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how are you today?	labels:I'm a bit bad honestly.
text:Can you tell me what's going on to cause you to feel this way?	labels:I've been struggling with depression for a while. It's hard to deal with. I feel hopeless.
text:I see. I definitely understand how long bouts of depression can make you feel more hopeless. Have you discussed your depression with anyone else before?	labels:I've spoken to a therapist but it didn't help. I tried a help hotline online but they thought I was suicidal so they called the cops to check on me .. never doing that again lol. I don't know what to do.
text:Yeah, it sounds like you aren't suicidal. Though I do have to check; have you had any thoughts or tendencies of suicide or self-harm?	labels:I have in the past. Recently, no. I just feel like I'll never be happy.
text:I understand. Can you provide any more information about your meeting with the therapist? You said talking to one didn't help, do you know why?	labels:I think it didn't help because I'm a bit shy. Or because I didn't know where to start. It's hard to know what to talk about. I guess it also didn't help because she seemed like she was just reading a script. She wasn't the greatest at making me feel cared about. You're doing pretty good though haha.
text:That makes sense and is completely natural. It's difficult sometimes to open up to a stranger that you don't completely know or might not trust. It definitely sounds frustrating that she seemed like she was reading from a script.. And I'm glad to hear you think I'm doing alright lol.	labels:I think therapy could work. Actually something happened with my therapist (maybe fired lol) and she's no longer my therapist.. so I need a new one.
text:That's interesting. I know from experience that finding a good therapist is all about trial and error, unfortunately. It's important to find the right fit and I would definitely suggest looking for a new one. Do you know of anyone in your life, maybe a friend or family member, that has been to therapy that you would be comfortable getting a recommendation from?	labels:I think my closest friend has been to therapy. I could always ask her for a recommendation.
text:That sounds like a great idea! Remember to keep your friends close too. I know it can be tough when you feel as low as this, but it's important to have a good support system in addition to any therapy you might be receiving.	labels:My friends and I look out for eachother. I think they're a good help :)
text:That's great to hear! It really sounds like you can go to them for support and often being there for someone else can make us feel better too.	labels:This was a nice little chat! You should actually volunteer for a helpline haha.
text:Aww that's so good of you to say!! I do want to confirm that you have a game-plan now, though. Remember to keep your friends close and to start looking for a new therapist if you haven't already. If you find one that's not the right fit it doesn't hurt to start over or maybe even ask for a recommendation from that therapist. If they're any good they should understand how important it is for you to find a good fit. Also remember to be kind to yourself. It can be difficult, but I know you can do it.	labels:I'm ok! I got my friends and family. I made an appointment with my psychiatrist to get different medication so I could ask him for a therapist recommendation as well.
text:That's absolutely wonderful to hear! Is there anything else you would like to discuss today?	labels:I think I'm good. Thank you though! This was nice :)
text:Awesome. You've got this! Have a good rest of your day.	labels:You too! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you today?\nHello, what seems to be on your mind?	labels:Friends and our relationships amongst one another. Two are arguing and I want to help both. We only can facetime each other because of Corona and it is taking a toll among our group.
text:I see. How long have your two friends been arguing?	labels:It has been around 4 months now. It started slowly and now has ramped up to where it's exploding and causing discourse among us all. One of my friends told a secret to another acquaintance outside of our group. My friend is raging over this which she should. trust was broken.
text:It sounds like tempers are all running pretty hot for everyone right now, is that correct?	labels:I believe in forgiveness, and the friend that told is very remorsefulHow do I help them?
text:Well, it sounds like you are in a tough spot since both your friends are so mad at each other. Why do you think your one friends shared a secret they were supposed to keep?	labels:The acquaintance knew something of the secret because she had experienced this before. I think my friend was more-so trying to help my other friend, not betray her. She went outside the group but not for spitrful reasons i think.
text:I think I understand. Sometimes we accidentally hurt the people we love when we are trying to help..	labels:I want one friend to know that the other was trying to hel and nothurt, but did not think clearly when deciding where to get help from. How do I make her understand this?
text:I think it is great that you want to actively help, it says a lot about you.	labels:Thanks! What should I say to her?
text:Sometimes the best way to help someone understand is to give them a little time and space. Trying to force someone to understand doesn't always work. Sometimes the best way to help someone understand is to give them a little time and space. Trying to force someone to understand doesn't always work.	labels:I think this can be good because she IS a little hot headed. Goos advice! I think I will tell everyonr in our circle to fall back and let her come to us when she is ready.
text:You could also try talking to your hurt friend like this and ask her if she thinks the other friend truly meant to hurt her. I bet she knows that wasn't the case. I bet you guys will all be friends again in no time.	labels:She knws this but nonetheless feels violated. I think your first piece of advice is great though. I will use this and Thanks! Have a good one.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon!  What can I help you with today? .	labels:Hello every since I lost my job I have felt sad and useless.
text:That is an extremely tough situation to go through, I'm sorry to hear that. .	labels:Application after application I get rejected, it makes it hard to even fill out more.
text:Yes, job applications can feel particularly demeaning to complete.  Personally, I get frustrated with all the repetition and then repetitive rejection.  It seems like I had no value. . But you have to consider that there are dozens of different reasons why you don't get selected for a job, and quite a few of them have nothing to do with you , either as a person or as an employee. .	labels:It feels good someone else knows how frustrating and what a cycle it creates but I am also sorry that you do know how it is also.. Thank you for that, it seems most of the jobs I am applying for I am over qualified for which doesn't make sense to me and makes me think it is something personal about me.
text:No, don't think that.  I know of several employers that have actually said they don't want employees smarter than them.  It requires more money and more management, and quite a few people are very happy to not do either of those things for ostensibly higher quality workforce. . On an actionable level, have you been getting blocked at the application point or the interviewing point? .	labels:Hopefully I find an employer that sees a quality workforce over other things, its getting pretty discouraging. I seem to be getting blocked at application level for employment, it seems my skills are mostly being put out to contract work now, which is not something I am familiar with..
text:I see.  Maybe there are some qualification programs in your local area, or maybe at the local university or college where you could take classes?  There is a career development center at my local university that is open to everyone, maybe you could see if they would review your resume and give you some objective feedback?  Students love a good live subject :-).	labels:Wow I have never thought about that! That sounds awesome and like it would be great help, also trying something new would feel nice instead of filing the same stuff into applications!
text:You should explore what resources your city/county/province may offer for job seekers.  It is in the best interest of almost every community that its members have have jobs and feel useful, so you may find some valuable information and maybe some connections. . Oh!  And what I always tell everyone who is looking for a job:  Apply UP!  Don't ever think is something above your level.  Apply UP!  They may admire your temerity and invite you for an interview just to see who you think you are :-)	labels:My spirits are going up just having this conversation and looking forward to the community outreach. Hopefully it helps lift this gloom that has been over me for months. I loved my previous job but due to bad management it was taking a toll on everyone employed.
text:I am glad to hear you are feeling a little better!  Yes, bad management is so toxic.  Even with great coworkers in a job you love, horrible management can ruin it quickly. . You seem like you are open to trying new solutions and putting in the effort to up your competitive level.  Stay positive and take care of yourself mentally and physically, and I think you will be successful. .	labels:I think that is truly when I started feeling down, productivity was high but it mattered not to those in charge it was never enough.. Thank you so much for talking, I feel so much better already and this was great adivce.
text:I was in a similar situation, nothing was ever good enough, and we were never given enough information to succeed anyhow. . I am glad to hear that! .	labels:I'm sorry you had to experience something similar by the sounds of it you are no longer in that situation, so that gives me hope for myself!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. How are you doing today?	labels:Feeling pretty down to be honest.
text:Oh, I am sorry about that. Why are you feeling down?	labels:I'm just really lonely. My friends are all very busy lately and I haven't been able to find a partner for a long time.
text:I can understand that. It is difficult feeling alone..	labels:Yes. Normally it's not so bad but it's been such going on for such a long time. It's harder to deal with after so many years.
text:It sounds like you feel your friends are too busy for you.	labels:Yes, but the biggest part is not being able to find romantic partner.
text:Why do you think you are having trouble finding a suitable romantic partner?	labels:Part because of my low income and part because of my age. I live in a college town and most single women are 10 years younger than me.
text:Sometimes meeting people through mutual friends is helpful. Have you asked any of your friends if they could introduce to you people they know?	labels:I've tried but my friends don't have very large social circles and most mutuals are already dating or are not interested in dating anyone at all..
text:I can see how that would make it difficult. What about internet dating or going to a single's night? I am sure if you get yourself out there, you will definitely meet a great partner for you.	labels:Internet dating is a cost issue, the most popular apps charge to meet the person, I could look at singles nights once the Covid issue is over. I don't even know if there are any locally.
text:It seems Covid is making dating difficult for everyone.	labels:I hear that from people. I wish I had Covid as an excuse instead of just being confused about why I can't find someone.
text:It is reasonable to use Covid as an excuse. I am sure there are plenty of women out there who are also confused about why they can't find someone.	labels:Possibly, I can see how that is possible.
text:I am sure after Covid is over, there will be plenty of possible romantic partners coming your way. :)	labels:Well I appreciate the advice and support.
text:You are welcome. Good Luck!	labels:Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! What is on your mind today?.	labels:Hello. I am so broken up and also disgusted from my break-up with my only long-term partner. I was so surprised by the hurtful things he said when we broke up I just don't know how to even manage my feelings about all the time we spent together.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. I know how that feels.. That is horrible he said hurtful things, but perhaps he didn't know how to manage what he was feeling.. Was it a mutual breakup or did something happen?.	labels:Well, I suppose for him it came out of nowhere. But for me I just had slowly come to the realization that he was not the person for me. I fell out of love with him slowly and grew more annoyed by a lot of his behaviors. To me we were fighting a lot, and about dumb stuff like whether or not a salad is a meal. And I realized that we were fighting so much because I wanted him to eat healthier and be healthier and he was not going to change and it wasn't even right for me to change him if he didn't want help. So, I am sure he felt attacked and unattractive and so he lashed out at me.
text:Realizing someone isn't the same you fell in love with seems valid. Fighting over a salad is definately not something most couples argue over. He probably did feel attacked, but I am sure he noticed the continual fighting as well. It sounds like you did what was best for you. We all deserve to be happy, and it sounds like you really were not anymore.. Are you having any regrets on the breakup?.	labels:I think I did the right thing, not just for me but for him. It isn't fair to keep dating someone just because being single is hard. I just still get weird lingering feelings wondering if he was right and maybe I am too much for a lot of people. I don't think he is right, and my friends disagree but it still hurts and I can still hear him tell me no one would ever love me. No, I don't think I have any regrets.
text:I think I have said the same thing in a breakup so I wouldn't take that personal..	labels:Yeah? I suppose people just say things when they are hurt.
text:People say things they dont mean, or just say mean things to hurt because they are hurting. lol exactly. I bet there is someone out there for you, you jut need to find someone whos ideas of the future line up with yours.	labels:Thank you. Hopefully someone who doesn't fight over whether salad is valid dinner choice!
text:Perhaps if you set up a dating profile have that be an intro question: is a salad a meal? you can weed people out that way!!!!	labels:haha yeah!
text:It sounds like you are going to be okay, and I am sure you will find someone when the time is right!.	labels:Yeah. I think things will work out eventually. Thank you, you are a really supportive listener.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are we doing today?	labels:Hi.  I'm doing fine.  Just feeling a bit anxious.
text:Would you want to go further into whats causing this anxiety?	labels:Well, I am retired, but in need of extra income to meet my financial obligations.  It is very difficult for me, however, to wear a mask for longer than a few moments.  Due to the mandates in my area, I would be required to wear a mask.
text:Well, have you tried online platforms like MTurk? It can be bit tough to get into in the beginning, but with a decent amount of work and determination it might be able to help with your monetary problems.	labels:That is what I am currently doing, and it is helping some.  I have increased the time I work on there, so that will help some.  I would love a second source as well, however...just so I could really save some.
text:I hear you on that. I am disabled and the extra income helps a lot for my family. Unfortunately until the pandemic ends a part time job might not be in your best interest for now. Ebay flipping takes some time to get into as well but could help.	labels:Yes, I have thought of that, actually.  I have quite a few items I would love to sell.  I have never done it, though, so need to research how to ship items, etc. .
text:Its actually very easy now. You can print out the slips at home and they tell you how much it will be. I have done it a few times, the last time was only a couple months a go.	labels:Well, I will definitely have to check that out.  It would serve two purposes : decluttering and making money.  I think I got anxious last week when I had a tire go flat and took my car in to get it fixed.  I found out I need all new tires and new brakes.  Not easy on a fixed income.  Plus I am widowed.
text:I am sorry for that. Yea having a nest egg is ideal, but i know how hard it can be. I think with the extra cash and space it may be a big help to those anxiety issues. Do you drive a lot as it is now?	labels:I actually don't. Only to the grocery store, or to visit my daughter who lives about 20  minutes away.
text:Well at least you are not putting to much wear on them now. Have you checked with local governments for assistance? Even with things like medication?	labels:I am not on any medication, which I am so thankful of.  I have not checked any programs for assistance.  I'm not sure if I would even qualify.  It wouldn't hurt to try, I guess.
text:Believe me never hurts to try. A penny you save on something else can be a penny that goes into your savings.	labels:That is so true!  I have been selling some items through my neighborhood online Marketplace and made $100 just this week.  I have also started a change jar.  Amazing how a bit here and there can add up.
text:Wow thats pretty good. Yeah it is. It seems you are very proactive about this which is really good.	labels:Yes.  I am definitely one not to give up, which is a good thing!  I appreciate your help.  I feel more positive now.
text:I am very glad i could be of some help. I truly believe you have this handled.	labels:Thank you very much.  I hope you have a blessed day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi there, how are you today?	labels:So I'm sad because it is hard for me to find a job with covid and everything and no one is willing to hire me. I'm ok. I'm just sad.
text:That is really hard. I know COVID has had a huge toll on folks. Do you have a good support system in place to help during this trying time?.	labels:I do I have my bf and family around. I just want to start making a life for myself. It's hard and I don't know what to do any ideas?
text:That's really great! Having a good support system is important right now. I understand it's difficult to find a job during these times.. Have you tried looking for an online only - remote position? Like some administrative work?	labels:I have but I am having trouble finding a call monitoring job. I really would like to do that. Any ideas on where to look?
text:Where are you looking for jobs right now? Some of my friends have had some success by looking on LinkedIn or Idealist..	labels:Hmmm Idealist would be another great source. I used Glass Door and Indeed. Any other ideas?
text:How about Craigslist? Not my favorite personally speaking, but might be worth taking a look..	labels:I will look into that as well. Thank you for your help. I am starting to feel somewhat better about my situation now. Thank you.
text:I'm confident you'll find something! Hopefully you have some great self care practices in place that will help you through this time.	labels:I do I hope u do too.
text:I do - thank you for checking :-).	labels:So how are things for u during this lockdown? You're a Zebra to!! Yay! we're both Zebras together. :)
text:I'm an introvert / homebody so it's been fairly easy for me. I have a lot of projects at home that I enjoy doing (reading, puzzles, meditating, yoga, etc) that keep me busy. I was also, very lucky to be able to keep my full-time job so that keeps me fairly busy most days. But I like a change of scenery and do Mturk tasks for fun.	labels:I'm the same way. I do to and plus it gives u extra cash.
text:yes! not a whole lot honestly, but i like it.	labels:I just want this to be over with I want to go back to normal. That is true though.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood afternoon!  What can I help you with today?	labels:I've been feeling a lot of pressure and stress lately due to school.
text:Oof, yes, school can be a tough situation.   Are you close to the end of the semester? . That can be both a relief and stressful, because a break is near, but all the exams and projects are due.	labels:Yes, I am a little more than halfway done with the semester. The thing is that I am in a doctoral program, so even though the semester is close to the end, I always need to continue working.
text:Ahh, I see.  That is a great deal of time and work.  What are you studying? .	labels:It is... I am in psychology. I have to work on my thesis on the side even with all of my classes and I have a hard time managing my time and keeping track.
text:Time management can be very difficult with a normal class load, that sounds exhausting. .	labels:It is!
text:Do calendars help you at all?  I am a super visual person, so calendars and planners are invaluable to me, as well as different colors of ink and labels so I can visually divide my attention. Getting a million different colors of pens and highlighters changed my organization for the better. .	labels:I do keep a physical and electronic agenda, but I feel like even if I write down my tasks, I find a way to procrastinate which is what I am having trouble with.
text:Also, setting clear boundaries for your study/work and relax times may help.  I like to set a timer for, say, 45 minutes, and work/write/read/study for that long, then, I get a 10 minute break.  I'll go outside, refresh my coffee, grab a snack, dance to some music, stretch, then set another timer for 45 minutes, then another break for 10 minutes.  That allows my brain to take a second and refresh from the work.	labels:That is actually very helpful, I'll take note of it. I think it would help to fix break times so I can actually focus on working.
text:Or, like, today, I woke up and spent half an hour allowing myself to drink my coffee and scroll through Reddit.  Then it was time to work on my group project for 45 minutes, then a break, then I worked again, took a break, went to a class, etc.  Scheduling your breaks can be helpful too so your lizard brain doesn't freak out and go "WE ARE GOING TO BE WORKING FOREVERRRR"	labels:I agree!!! That really is helpful, thank you.
text:which, for me at least, is where the fatigue sets in.  You're very welcome!  I hope I was helpful.  You seem positive and willing to try new things, and I think you will be successful even if you are tired..	labels:The pandemic hasn't really helped either. I'm always locked in my apartment and staying sitting down in front of my computer all day.
text:Definitely not.  Everyone's Maslow hierarchy getting knocked out from under them is extremely disconcerting. .	labels:Hahaha, Maslow, i like it.
text:Like how is a person supposed to study, self-actualize, when we literally don't know what will happen next? .	labels:I agree! I've also been turning to drugs a lot lately due to the situation. Procrastinating makes me feel guilty, and I end my day too early to smoke and focus my mind on something other than studying....
text:Are there aspects of your study that you dislike, or are you just ready to be done with school?  Little of column A + column b?	labels:Hm, I think it has less to do with liking or disliking, and more with starting a very hard and lengthy degree online without any social contact.
text:Ah, yes, that makes sense.  And working from home is infamously hard, again, for lack of boundaries, so in addition to just not seeing people and getting the casual affirmation and confirmation messages on a daily basis of like "hey Jim you did a great job on that spreadsheet" or "Haha Jessica you're so funny", we also are writing papers in our pajamas and bedclothes, which makes it seem interminable.	labels:Ugh exactly.
text:Listening to lectures while the doorbell is ringing and it's just so strange and we aren't set up to do it.  That's why I'm a big fan of specific spaces in my house since March.  I tried to sit in bed with my laptop and do things but 1. I'm old and it hurts my wrists and 2. my headspace is so completely different from being my computer chair and at my desk.  I try to be really strict about where I do my work., maybe trying to structure that a bit could help you feel a little more in control of the work load and your day's schedule. .	labels:I agree, that makes a lot of sense! Thank you. You have been a big help today and I really feel listened and understood. I really appreciate it.
text:I am very glad to hear that!  You sound motivated to succeed and I think that you deserve to take care of yourself and stay healthy to complete your studies.  It will be hard but it will also be worth it, and you should be proud.  Good luck with everything! .	labels:Wow, thank you! Have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are we doing today?	labels:Okay how are you?
text:Im doing great thanks. Anything on your mind today?	labels:Just pondering microcheating and wondering why someone who I do not like that way would be considered microcheating.
text:And what do you mean by microcheating?	labels:It is a new thing like having a man you like that you check up on on social media even though you are in a relationship, or eating lunch with the same woman or man that you like but you don't act on because you are married..
text:Oh i see, well i think overthinking things like that can lead to unwanted emotions. Or putting yourself in a situation with another person when you are in a relationship might mean there are other issues going on.	labels:Yes i see that. No nothing else going on just thinking that the definition maybe shouldn't be as exact for the type of person that I do not talk to because of his reservations about it.
text:Well, if you are not talking to them then i see no harm. If you are talking to them with some sort of intention to for a relationship beyond friendship then i see issues arising.	labels:That is what I feel. I am not talking to him. I had to the other day to get in contact with someone(medical emergency) but do not call just to chat and catch up. I even unfriended him. I just want to comfort him over it but I think it is best just to never speak of him again.. Comfort my fiance.
text:To never speak to your fiance? If you want to continue your relationship and you do not feel you can continue a platonic relationship with this other person then that might be best.	labels:No I am ending my friendship with him. That is what is best.
text:I think it might be as well if you cannot control it. I do have to ask though, are you happy with your Fiance?	labels:Yes very.
text:Then i 100% back you on your decision. Id take this time to focus on you too. Strengthen the bond a bit.	labels:Yes, I think that would be best. I thank you for your time..
text:I thank you for opening up!	labels:It is okay see talking about this is actually microcheating. So now I am worried about that.
text:I really wouldnt even consider it cheating to have feelings. Acting on them or trying to strengthen them may be though.	labels:Yes that is true. My fiance is over seas for work for the next 13 mos so I am here in the states alone. We get to talk but he isnt here with me so having no one to talk to is lonely.. That is why I brought it up.
text:I see that, have you tried to talk to your friends about this issue? Or even try a therapist? Maybe you and your Fiance can figure out more times to talk with facetime or zoom. Do a virtual date night.	labels:Yes I don't have any friend that arent men so I think therapy is going to help. I don't talk to anyone anymore. But I thank you for your time. I just wanted to clarify why I brought it up. I hope you have a good day.
text:I hope you do as well!	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I'm a little stressed out at the moment over losing my job in the coming months.\nI'm sorry to hear about that! I can totally understand why you'd be stressed. Is it for certain that you will lose your job?	labels:The company I work for is winding down. i'm on the old side to be looking for a job and i'm likely going to have to accept a lower salary, a longer commute and a heavier workload. In other words, I have a job I love, close to where I live that is very manageable. I can't sleep and I'm insanely anxious all of the time.
text:I can feel your anxiety, and I completely understand why you're feeling that way, but you don't know for sure that will be true. Have you started looking for a new job already?	labels:I started looking for a job last week. I had a transition meeting today to pass on the little bit of my work that will be left to another person. I have 2 children; one who just started college this fall and another who is a junior in high school. my elderly mother lives with me also so I can't sell my house any time soon and move into something smaller and cheaper. I feel really trapped at the moment. .
text:It definitely sounds like you're being overwhelmed with a lot of responsibilities along with your job loss. It's definitely a lot of things to deal with all at once, but it would help to break things down so they're more manageable. Do you have anyone close by who can help you out?.	labels:i have friends and family close by. i don't like to burden people with my problems. I know i also don't adjust well to change and that doesn't help. breaking issues down into groups is helpful and may take away some of the enormity of everything.
text:I understand completely. I used to bottle things up too, but I've learned that the people who love you won't think you're a burden if you ask for help or just to have someone blow off some steam.. Changes are definitely scary, but they can also be a great opportunity to do something different. Is there anything you want to try doing?	labels:I've always been reluctant to ask for help or favors because i keep thinking there will always be a time down the road where i will need something more. it's helpful to have someone remind me that change isn't always a bad thing. thank you. I'll talk to some friends to see if anyone has some good budget cutting tricks. I'll continue to look for a job and i'll try to calm down a little for now.
text:It sounds like you're very self-aware and I think your friends and family will be very willing to lend a hand..	labels:i am  aware of many things including how truly fortunate i am to have my family, friends and health. I really appreciate your kind words and calming suggestions. thank you again.
text:Yes, your family, friends, and health are all really important! I hope you stay safe!	labels:You too.
text:I hope you get to enjoy the coming holidays with your family and friends!.	labels:and you as well.
text:You're welcome! Have a great day.	labels:Have a great day too!
text:I hope I was able to help.	labels:you did.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning!  What can I help you with this morning? . Are you there? .	labels:hi. i was discontinued from my studies due to some financial problem.
text:That is a very tough situation to be in, I'm sorry you're having to deal with that. . Are you having to move home or were you taking online classes? .	labels:i am staying with my parents. i am thinking of applying an online job but i am afraid that i can't manage both my studies and job. thinking about it makes me frustrating and sad.
text:That is understandable.  So you aren't having to discontinue your studies immediately? .	labels:i have discontinued it already.
text:Okay, thank you for clarifying :-)  Your frustration is understandable.  Having a job while being in school can be tough, that is true.  However if you are discerning you could get a job that would have flexible hours, especially if you let them know beforehand that you're planning on getting back into school as soon as possible. .	labels:yes. thank you for concern.
text:When I was in college, I worked for the school and the library.  It was not a lot of money, but in addition to a small check, it made me more indispensable to the university. . I think you would be able to handle both, as long as you are clear from the beginning about what you need from the job.  Too often we are supposed to feel like we need to beg for a job, when in fact, you are interviewing them as well. .	labels:i think i can also follow this idea.
text:You should also explore any and all financial aid offers they can give you.  More than once I have been told that not as many people apply for scholarships and grants as you think. . But regardless of whether you're able to balance the two things, even if you are not, your mental health is very important, and you should try to take it easy on yourself. .	labels:I think i can cope upwith my situation with this advice of you.thank you. what are you doing lately.
text:You're very welcome, I think you are capable of more than you think. . I work from home and also take a few online classes.	labels:oh so kind of you. oh so you are tutoring classes. thats interesting.	episode_done:True
text:I am so embarassed and saddened. I can not believe he cheated on me. I thought we were going to work out. I was really attracted into him and I cared for him a lot. I wanted to date him longer. Thank Goodness I did not sleep with him. What a disaster. Why are men like this? Why do they break women's hearts? I wish there were more decent men out there that did not play around. Men can be such pigs!\nwhat happened?	labels:I met a handsome intelligent man.
text:how  are you feeling lately?	labels:We dated for a month. Then out of nowhere he cheated on me. I'm so sad. I am just trying to understand what I did wrong.
text:it's okay. we should learn from things like this.	labels:That's true. It's crazy we have to experience heart ache. To learn...
text:don't think much and keep yourself engaged in the activities you like the most.	labels:Hey, that is great advice!
text:can you tell me how are you before this incident?	labels:I was happy. But when a man breaks your heart, it makes you feel very ugly.
text:can you share me some happy memories which made you smile. can you share me some happy memories which made you smile.	labels:Sure, I love going to the movies! How about you!
text:it's okay. i can understand. yeah me too. i love movies and traveling.	labels:Are you American?
text:I love traveling to new places.	labels:Yes traveling is what we are made to do as humans!
text:yes, i am an american.what about you.	labels:Same.
text:well, just think of some happy memories and try to spend time with people who value you the most.	labels:Yes, thank you for the great advice! Like Thanksgiving, I hope you have wonderful memories with your friends and family next week.
text:oh, thats nice of you.thank you.	labels:You are very welcomed!
text:you too!	labels:Well what are you having for lunch?
text:i had my breakfast just now. i am planning to cook some beef for lunch.what about you.	labels:Spicy pork tamales.. I like that not thinking about my break up makes me happy. Like talking to you about whatever else.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm very depressed and sad. Please help. Please help me I need help.\nI'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why you feel depressed and sad?	labels:I think it's because of my poor relationships in life.
text:Have you tried taking some deep breaths to help you right now?	labels:I'll try and see if that calms me down.
text:Tell me more about the poor relationships you have.	labels:My family doesn't like me because I'm bad at school. My friends don't really like me or talk to me much. I feel alone.
text:Are you able to talk to anyone about this? Someone who will at least listen to you talk?	labels:Not really. I try to talk to my friends but they avoid me.
text:Maybe you could take one person aside by themselves and talk privately about your feeling?	labels:That seems like a good idea.
text:Yes, just wait for the right time when the person is alone and ask if you could talk.	labels:I'll try to do that, thank you.
text:Remember to take deep breaths, wait for the right time and see if that works for you. I know you can do it.	labels:Thank you so much. I feel like I can talk to someone now.
text:I have faith in you. Is there anything else we need to talk about?	labels:No, I'm okay. I feel a little better. I hope I'll be able to talk to a friend soon. Sad! Actually I need more help.
text:Remember, the outcome may not be perfect but slowly things will come together. Take it one step at a time.	labels:What step should I take after this one?
text:See if the conversation gives you some insight on how things could be better. Maybe you could see things from someone else's perspective.	labels:Thank you so much!! You're helping me a ton.
text:Would you be willing to give it a try?	labels:Yes, of course~
text:Also, if that works, then build from there. Remain calm and little by little talk about your concerns.	labels:That seems very, very smart. Thank you. Im ok noq. now.
text:Get some good sleep the night before you try having the conversation so you are at your best.	labels:Yes, I promise I will. I'm going to go rest now. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning!  What can I help you with today?	labels:Hi, i've been feeling really depressed lately and I'd like to talk to someone about it.
text:That is very understandable.  Depression is tough to deal with. . Do you have specific things that are causing you sadness right now or is it an overall feeling of being sad?	labels:It's a bit of everything. I've recently lost my job and I'm just really worried about how my bills are going to get paid. I feel so tired, you know?
text:I totally understand.  Losing your job is a very rough thing to go through, I'm sorry that happened to you.  Feeling constantly at red alert is taxing both mentally and physically. . There is a concept called Maslow's hierarchy of needs, and sometimes I find it useful to think about if my needs are being met, and which is lacking.  Which is to say, obviously financial security is your primary need at the moment, but there are other needs you must attend to as well, including your physical comforts. . In times of great stress and upheaval, there is only so much you can do.  The rest is worry, a hamster running in a wheel, a huge output of energy that does nothing at all. .	labels:Yeah that makes sense but I've spent so much time thinking about my finances that I've sort of burned myself out. Like I have no energy even to be thankful for the other little stuff.
text:That makes sense.  You sound emotionally exhausted. .	labels:Definitely, I feel like I could sleep forever but with my kids to worry about I don't have that option.
text:Gratitude is one of those things, I've found, that is self-perpetuating.  Even if you begin by doing it robotically, eventually your mind and heart will want to be more sincerely grateful.  I have in the past challenged myself to find five things to be grateful for in the morning and write them down.  Whether those things are "I have hot coffee and electricity" or "I won $1000 for free", they will begin to start a small fire of joy.	labels:Messages could work, I could stick them around and I guess they coudl help not just me but my little ones too because I'm sure my moods been affecting them as well.
text:That sounds like a great idea!  It sounds like you care a lot about your kids, I bet it's easy for you to be grateful for them :-). And I know that they are grateful for you, whether they are able to articulate that or not.	labels:Absolutely the little terrors are the reason I get up in the morning. I can't let them down, you know. Their dad's not arpund so its just us. I'm all they've got.
text:Well that is an enormous amount of responsibility that has been placed upon your shoulders, but your attitude seems extremely pleasant and positive.  It does not sound easy, but you should make sure you build in some time for yourself if you can. .	labels:I'm going to try, the messages idea is a really good one so I think I'll give that a try. I mean I am grateful for my kids and I guess things could be worse I do still have some savings left and I can always try to get another job.
text:You definitely have options, but your situation is still tough, and you deserve relief where you can get it..	labels:I'll keep that in mind but thank you for taking the time to let me get things off my chest. It really helps.
text:Of course, I am happy if I was able to help.  You have a good heart and love your kids, you stay strong, you can do this :-)	labels:Thank you and I'll be trying! I hope you have awesome day and thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you feeling?	labels:Hey, I'm doing good at the moment. How about yourself?
text:Not too bad! It looks like a lovely day out.	labels:Haha, I wish I could say the same. New York is depressing, cloudy and cold.
text:Well make sure you're bundled up and warm!	labels:I got the heater on and a sweater, working from home so it's not too bad.
text:Sounds cozy. Glad to hear that you're staying safe indoors!.	labels:Yeah it's a good benefit, especially with covid going on.
text:Definitely! How are you dealing with the pandemic? It's been a long year.	labels:Not too bad, still have limited work and all remote so wont complain. But the expenses are tough. How about you, hope your well.
text:I'm not too bad, but cases are also going up here in California. Luckily, my family and I haven't gotten sick..	labels:Thanks good to hear, New York was doing well up until the holidays season. Now we might get another lockdown..
text:I think that's true for a lot of states since cases seem to be going up everywhere, unfortunately. What are your plans for the holidays?	labels:Mostly stay home with the family, try to save money and cut expenses this year. How about you?
text:We're planning on camping in the desert. That's a good idea to save money. How do you plan on saving money?	labels:No gifts giving and going make a modest size home made family dinner for thanksgiving this year. Usually we go visit family out state. We just want to get out of debt this year and save for next year.. Coivd really humbled us. But it's a good thing.
text:Those are all really good ideas, and it sounds like you know what's really important! It's definitely been a tough year, but it's also good to look ahead and plan for the future..	labels:Yes, thanks for the chat. Love the positive vibes!	episode_done:True
text:Hi How are you today?.\nI'm doing fine today. How are you feeling?	labels:I'm feeling a little bit anxious today..
text:Can I ask why that is?	labels:I really dropped the ball at work today and I'm so worried that I'm going to get let go..
text:Would you like to talk more about it? What is making you feel that way?	labels:I thought I had everything set up for one of my resident's at a new placement and I called today to confirm and they told me the bed was no longer available. My boss is very intense and I'm scared that when I tell her she will let me go.
text:I see. It seems as though you've done your best, but I understand your feelings. Is it possible you can speak with your boss about it and explain?	labels:I can try that but my boss is very neurotic and I don't think she will want to hear my explanations..
text:I understand that, I also had a boss who acted this way. I can feel how stressed you are about this. Is there anything you think you can do to jump ahead of the situation?	labels:I could call the facility and find out when there next opening is and try to see if I can have the client placed on a waitlist so that he can be moved sooner..
text:I think that would be a great solution to your problem. I also think you can try some breathing exercises to help you be less anxious..	labels:That would actually be helpful. I always forget to do my breathing exercises.
text:Is there anything else you ussually do to help you relax?	labels:I listen to music or watch a funny show on TV..
text:That seems like a great way to relax! I know that's what helps me as well..	labels:Thank you. You have been very helpful. I think I'm going to listen to some music while I do some deep breathing exercises..
text:I hope that helps, and I hope everything goes great with your boss!	labels:Me too! Thanks for the support..
text:You can always come back for more support if needed!	labels:Thanks so much..	episode_done:True
text:my boss/ director basically ignores me because I am female in a male domain, I work any time of day or night and I get nothing but grief from him. anyone there.\nI can understand feeling neglected in a male dominated field. Is there any one that you could discuss with that is higher up or in HR?	labels:No they are all male and he is the golden child anyway.
text:Is this a family owned company?	labels:no corporate.
text:That is stressful, being a female myself I can completely understand the stress and pressure.. Is there any options of looking for other, possibly better, employment in your area?.	labels:so what is the best thing for me how to handle this. you think I should just quitt? I have now 10 years in with them, he just became my boss due to a merger.
text:i wouldn't quit if you are not prepared to, but i would weigh options of looking for somewhere that would appreciate your efforts in a work place. With 10+ years of experience any company would be more than happy to have a dedicated worker with them.	labels:so you think i should at least look for something new ?
text:Or even inquire about transferring to another location if that would be a possibility?	labels:I think that might be I would just increase my commute. it makes me sad though to see it come to something like this, you work and do whatever and then you get beat up.
text:if it would be more beneficial mentally it could help, and could never hurt to ask for a raise due to the situation. If there is an HR department, I would discuss with them while seeing what other positions may be opening in the area that fit your criteria employment. There is a lot of options that are becoming available that are more beneficial for employees than they imagined.	labels:there is an HR department  maybe i should try talking to them, even though they seem not approachable..
text:unfortunately, most places of employment take advantage of their good workers cause they feel they can get away with it and they will leave. But, at the end of the day, your well being is important.	labels:very true I think I will take your advise and see what happens. maybe something good will come out of it.
text:Yes, absolutely! If they have an anonymous contact line that may be able to help ease into the conversation , I would start there. I wish you the absolute best of luck and be thinking of your well being!	labels:Thanks for your advise.
text:Of course. Have a good day and good luck!	labels:same to you i will do what you said.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:i am ok so far.
text:What brings you here today?	labels:i am depressed. and need some inspiration.
text:Depression can be hard to deal with. What do you think is contributing to your depression?	labels:Covid-19. and money issues.
text:Yeah, this has really been a hard time for all of us. How has it impacted you personally?	labels:my mom and sister had caught the virus they are doing ok now but it was rough.
text:I can understand how hard that must have been. I'm glad they are doing ok now though!.	labels:yeah me too.
text:How have you been using your time during the crisis?	labels:yeah mostly working and meditation.
text:That's great! Meditation is also something I've picked up during this time. It's really helpful and can keep you balanced. Do you have a routine or do you just do it sporadically?	labels:i mostly do it sporadically but i do need to do it more often.
text:It's great to try to integrate it into your day. All of us tend to have at least a few moments each day to ourselves. Even if it's during a shower or bathroom break, you really can meditate anywhere! It's all about being in the here and now.	labels:so true.
text:When things get stressful, meditation can be difficult. Sometimes we get wrapped up so much in our emotions that trying to center yourself and focus on your breathing and the moment can be hard. One thing I've learned to be helpful when I'm stressed is to breathe in through my nose while internally counting to three and out through my mouth counting to three. The counting tends to distract my mind from whatever stressful thing I was thinking of before.	labels:i like that thank you for the tip i must use that more often.
text:You're welcome! Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?	labels:no that will be thanx for listening to me.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so depressed, I just got layed off.\nI am sorry to hear that, did you apply for unemployment benefit? That at least can help you financially until you get a new job.	labels:Yes, it will take weeks and the holidays are just around the corner.
text:It sucks it happens so close to the holidays. I understand it's hard to accept but I 'd recommend talking with someone close to you like a friend and family member.	labels:I know, with all the other crap going on now everyone else has their own problems they don't want to hear mine.
text:I'm sure someone will be there for you, they know you need them the most right now. If you don't feel comfortable talking to them, you can seek online therapist. There are a lot of free service for mental car..	labels:They're busy with other people's problems. I'll deal with it.
text:It's not gonna be easy, but at the same time not impossible. Try looking at it a different way. You can use this time to train your skills or do things that you've wanted to but didn't have the time.	labels:I wanted to travel but that's not a good idea right now.
text:You can still travel domestically or just around your city. I like taking a walk in the park or wandering downtown to clear my mind.	labels:I live in a small town and were are suppose to self quarantine unless we have to leave the house for work or go to the store.
text:that really sucks. Do you have a garden at home? In the mean time, try following youtube or other channels to work out, it helps you distract from current issue and also makes you healthier. A healthy body is needed for a healthy mind.	labels:I did, everything is gone now. .
text:what have you been doing lately?	labels:I do like to cook. I'll probable do more of that now.
text:that's a great idea, cooking and doing crafts can be helpful for you. Instead of complaining with others, you can just invite them to join cooking with you, that way you can have companion.	labels:That is a good idea but nobody is suppose to go to other peoples houses.
text:you can do video chat while cooking. I do virtual happy hour with my friends right now too.	labels:I think I may start making my own beer. Two birds one stone.
text:haha good idea.	labels:Thanks for the help have a good evening.
text:you too, i hope things get better for yourself.	labels:Thanks,	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nGood evening, what is going on?	labels:Hi. I have finals coming up and I am so so nervous about taking these tests.
text:What about the exams is making you nervous?	labels:Taking them. I'm afraid I'm going to do poorly and have to retake the classes.
text:What steps have you taken to make sure you do not do poorly?	labels:I study and I have gone to all my classes but I feel like I don't know the information well enough.
text:That is understandable. Sometimes we feel like we do not know enough. Have you tried to have someone quiz you?	labels:Yes. I didn't do well on my quizzes.
text:Okay, since you didn't do well, it seems you can pinpoint what you need to work on. That is a good starting point..	labels:Yes, that is a good point. I need to manage my nervousness too because it causes me to make silly mistakes.
text:Depending on how far your exams are, you can create a plan. Practice what you don't know daily, until you do know it..	labels:That's really good advice.
text:Just trying to make life easier for others. Sometimes we don't see our solutions because of our anxiety..	labels:Yes and it's definitely causing me to not think clearly.
text:Its best to take deep breaths and talk to someone who will help guide you..	labels:I agree. I just feel bad burdening people with my issues .
text:Don't be. You would be surprised how many people are willing to help. Websites like Reddit are filled with many people wanting to give advice..	labels:Okay, I will give Teddit a whirl. sorry Reddit.
text:I hope it helps for future endeavors.	labels:Thank you for taking the time to chat with me. I appreciate your advice.v. advice*	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi. How can I help?	labels:I've just really been experiencing a very tough time lately.
text:What has happened? I know that sometimes life can get tough and just know that you are not alone. Sometimes the toughest parts of life, make us so much stronger.	labels:Well, it started with a break up. My boyfriend and I dated for 7 years and suddenly out of nowhere, he dumps me over text. I keep blaming myself and my body for this.
text:Why do you think it's your body? I am sure that your body is just fine! Have you thought about taking up a hobby or activity to get your mind off of it?	labels:I have thought about it, but I don't know where to start.
text:I understand. What kinds of things do you enjoy? I have found that exercise is great for mental health and such a good way to take your mind off of things. Have you ever felt interested in any psychical activities?	labels:I have been thinking about working out more, but I feel like I don't know where to start when I go to the gym.
text:Do you have any friends or family to help you? I know exactly what you mean. Starting a new activity can be so hard when you aren't familiar. One thing that you might find helpful is to join in a group class at the gym. Do you think you'd like that?	labels:I do have a cousin who likes to work out. That's a great idea. I should ask her. I've been pretty lonely, so it might be good to get out and meet people. Maybe a class would help me meet people too!
text:That's great! Do you know what kind of class would be of interest? I think that you have the tools to be who you want to be. It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders and I think you'll be just fine! You may even find a life long passion or friendship! You never know what is around the corner.	labels:Maybe yoga? Or perhaps a hit class? I will look online right away! I am very excited for this. I feel a bit better and I really appreciate your help.
text:Those both sounds great! Yoga is great for the body and the mind! I will sometimes just do it to clear my mind after a tough day. If your nervous about it, you could try out a few online classes first to see what to expect.	labels:That is such a good idea. I often feel nervous going into a situation I'm not familiar and I feel like everyone will judge me.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How may I help you today?	labels:Hi, just needed some support for an issue.
text:Sure, I'd be glad to help you.  Can you tell me more about the issue?	labels:Sure, that would be fine. Can I ask first how you're doing today?
text:I'm feeling well, thank you!	labels:That's good. The issue that I'm having is that I can't find a job/path in life, feels like I'm really struggling all the time.
text:It sounds like you are working really hard, but struggling in job finding, is that right?	labels:Yeah that's correct.
text:I've often struggled with the same thing often sending out hundreds of resumes waiting for a response. .	labels:Yeah, tell me about it, it can be a real headache to say the least.
text:It sounds like you are stressed about the situation and looking for a solution to move forward.	labels:Yeah, exactly. Do you have any suggestions that could help with this? Seems like I'm going in circles.
text:Have you tried speaking to job coaches or college counselors? They often have experience in this area and can be of support.	labels:No I haven't reached out to anyone besides family, but that might be a good idea, getting a professional to help me out with some options.
text:Have you thought of trying to search online?  You may be able to seek out different colleges and careers which may give you ideas and options you didn't explore before.	labels:Yeah, I do most of my searching online, but maybe it's where I've been going that hasn't been helping much. Do you have any suggested websites or apps I could try out?
text:It sounds like you have been working hard looking for online options but maybe didn't find exactly what you are looking for.  Perhaps searching specific colleges in your state or areas of interest may help.  Also, career websites or job sites may help explore ideas as well as civil service career options.	labels:That's a good idea, yeah I think I really need more options out there. But I do like your idea of talking to a professional or career counselor, maybe they'll be able to help me in more ways than I can help myself. I'm definitely going to try that!
text:I'm glad that you were able to get some ideas to try  and wish you well on your search.  Is there anything else I can assist you with at this time?	labels:No, that's all right. Thanks for the suggestions, you've been really helpful, I'm going to try some of those out!
text:Great that sounds wonderful that you are trying out some ideas and keeping positive!	labels:thanks again! bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi! 😊.
text:What's on your mind today?	labels:Thank you for asking. I'm feeling very overwhelmed at the moment. My depression and the weight of everything is getting on top of me.
text:How long have you been in this state?	labels:Well, the depression has been there as long as I can remember. It fluctuates. But the last few days have been particularly challenging and it's been difficult to get out of bed in the morning.
text:Is there any event happened the last few days that triggered your depression?	labels:Yes. I guess it has coincided with an increase in challenging behaviours from my children.
text:That is tough, having depression and dealing with children at the same time. I totally understand how you feel. I think you should first talk to your partner about your situation and ask for help from them.	labels:Thank you. Yes, he has been helpful today. He took the children to school for me so that I was able to get some things done around the house..
text:That's great, you have an awesome partner. I'd recommend spending time outdoor. Getting coop up for too long indoor is damaging to your mental state.	labels:It is very challenging as they both have complex special needs. It's hard to find time and energy to operate the household in between.
text:Have you considered hiring caretaker?	labels:Thank you. Yes, I haven't been out to check on the veggie garden today. That usually gives me an opportunity to calm my mind. Unfortunately, I am not in a position to do so. There is nobody that my son would be comfortable with. But we are trying to implement some respite soon..
text:whenever possible, you can take your children out with you on a trip to the park or the mountain. Nature is also good for kids with special need.	labels:Most certainly. We try often to explore our natural environment. It can be limiting due to our daughter's physical disability but we manage the best we can to include her.
text:You are such a great mom, I can totally see how much you sacrificed for them. But please take care of yourself, i think you should see a therapist and get proper treatment. If you do not do well, how can you care for you family?	labels:Thank you. I will definitely touch base again with my therapist soon. I have a follow up psychiatrist appointment next month too. In the mean time, I will definitely put some of these things you've recommended in to practice. ☺️. You are right. I do need to take care of me. I need to stop feeling guilty for needing to do that.
text:Exercising might be helpful too. I like doing yoga or pilates, it really eases my mind when I have too much going on.	labels:Thank you. Yes, I need to get back in to the Ring Fit adventure on the Switch. It definitely helps my my and body feel stronger.
text:I believe you will overcome this!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, what can I help you?	labels:I am getting ready to sue my mother and am very nervous about the ordeal.
text:You're worried about being in court against your mother or are you worried about your relationship after that?	labels:Both.
text:Can you tell me about the situation, why did you decide to sue her?	labels:My stepdad raped me and got me pregnant and I delivered a still born and i just remember the incident happened 23 years later. So now I am suing my mother. instead of pressing charges because my sister and I dont want it in the papers.
text:So she knew about the incident but did nothing to help you?	labels:yes. she did not believe me.
text:that sucks, I understand why you resent her so much. I cannot help with your worry about going to court, however, i can offer some help regarding your relationship.	labels:yes it is very difficult but im not as upset as i was i cried a lot.
text:Crying is good, you shouldn't bottle your emotions. Have to talked to anyone in your family about this beside your sister?	labels:yes i am kinda numb to it but I have to call the police dept tomorrow for a copy of the police report from when my step dad took the baby to them and I dont want to. No nobody knows except one cousin from my biological dads side.
text:You should talk to someone you trust, they might be able to give you specific advice regarding your situation.	labels:that might help, i am just nervous about this whole thing i am estranged from my family for the most part so.
text:Also, you seem to still care about your mom despite what she did. Did you consider reaching out to her after the court?	labels:yes i imagine that we will talk.
text:Maybe talk to your friends, it's easier for people of similar age to empathize with you.	labels:i do not have many friends really.
text:Try to keep your cool, let her know you did it because you wanted justice.	labels:yes that is what i am worried about thank you that is really good line i can use when she asks me why.
text:If you still care about her, make sure to let her know you don't hate or resent her and you still hope to be able to fix your relationship.	labels:yes but what she did you really can't move past a certain point of tolorence and forgivness so i will always wish she had believed me.
text:I understand you, it's normal to feel what you feel. It's a terrible situation and what she did really is unforgivable.	labels:yes it is. but i basically do its just i feel that she doesn't love me.
text:I don't think she doesn't love you. Maybe she just didn't want to believe it happened. You should definitely let her know that.	labels:yes i think you are right. I think that my time is running out. i will thank you. I am going to go now.
text:Sueing won't solve anything, you have to talk to your mom and get all the knots in your mind out. good luck with your court.	labels:i will tell her thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I'm still sad about it. Do you think I should contact him?\nPlease tell me more about your story.	labels:I am living abroad and was really into this guy. We dated for almost a year but both wanted to do our summer vacation with friends. When he got back, he told me he was with another girl. I broke up with him. Now I miss him.. I want to call him or text.
text:Please don't do that. You made the right decision to break up with him as he doesn't respect you at al.	labels:It was just one time, but I wonder if he'd do it again. But I thought I'd live in this other country forever and we'd be together. Now I may have to go home.
text:I would say this, if he does it once, he will do it again.	labels:How can I know that for sure?
text:Maybe going home isn't too bad after all. You may even meet someone better there. From my experience, people who cheat always cheat again.	labels:I really like it here though, and with Covid, it's hard to think about traveling. Has someone cheated on you?
text:Luckily I have never been in that situation but my friends have.	labels:It never happened to me before. I feel betrayed.
text:But trust me, you made the right decision. If anything, it proves you're a strong and independent person.	labels:Maybe I'll just go home for the holiday season.
text:People can only love and respect you when you treat yourself that way. That's a great idea! Spend time with your friends and family, who actually care about you and your feelings.	labels:I wanted to throw something at him, I was so mad. But I just made him leave.
text:You are very mature. Anyone in that situation would feel the same.	labels:Thank you. It was hard not to let my emotions get the best of me. I don't even know why he told me. But I guess it's good he did.
text:He did a good thing at least, being honest with you. However, cheating, even just once, is something I always warn people.	labels:I don't know if it was good. Maybe he was just being mean. It's nice of you to listen. Thank you for all your advice. i hope I can travel home safely now. And maybe come back in January.
text:I know it's useless to tell you to not be sad. Go ahead and let it all out by crying or screaming but please know you didn't do anything wrong. I hope I can be help.	labels:I just hope I don't see him before I go home. Except deep down I wish I could. Thank you very much. You have been kind to listen.
text:No problem. and don't see him again, it's tough but it's better that way.	labels:Have a good rest of the night. Bye bye.	episode_done:True
text:I am anxious right now about how my family will react when I tell them I'm not coming back for the holidays. Hello? Are you there?\nyes. i am here. Why are you not coming back?	labels:Because of the health risks and also the unhealthy emotional environment with my family.
text:What kind of health risks are you concerned about? I imagine that hasn't been easy couple with the tough home environment.	labels:Health risks are primarily the pandemic. Covid-19 cases have gotten very high where I live and my family members are not very careful.
text:I think you are doing the right thing by being careful. During these times, keeping loved ones safe is more important than having gatherings. Do you think it would be helpful to express those health concerns with your family?	labels:I'm glad you said that. Yes, when I told my family that I wasn't coming, I stated health risks as the reason. But, I am worried that they may insist on me attending as we get closer to the holidays and in some ways I feel guilty because it isn't just the pandemic that makes me not want to go. I usually don't feel great during holidays with my family and I think they are harmful to me overall.
text:I understand how you feel. I'm currently saving up to move out myself because I think it would give me a chance to think for myself.	labels:Yeah, I think people deserve to build whatever home, family, or environment is best for them and shouldn't be judged for it.
text:I don't think you should feel guilty about that because you are looking out for yourself which is the most important thing. And it always helps to voice your feelings to your family. Whether or not they choose to accept it, just getting things off your chest can help too.	labels:Yes, it made me feel powerful in some way to say no to going to holidays even if it was in the context of the pandemic. Thank you for helping me. It feels good to at least talk about it.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello.	labels:I just don't feel enthused about anything lately.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. How do you feel right now?.	labels:Just kind of "blah."
text:I understand that feeling. Have you lost interest in things that you normally would enjoy?.	labels:I don't know that I have exactly lost interest.  I still do them, but somehow it feels like I'm just going through the motions.
text:I can relate to that. Have you thought about trying something new, or taking up a new hobby? That has helped me before.	labels:Not really.  I guess that I'm just kind of stuck in a rut.
text:Would you be willing to try a new hobby to make each day less monotonous?.	labels:Yes, I would be, but I'm not sure that it actually needs to be a new hobby.  I just need to have some sort of project that I'm working on.
text:Maybe a new home improvement project?	labels:No!  I've got a jigsaw puzzle that I could start, and I also have a list of "21 books that you've been meaning to read."
text:Those both sound like great ideas! I think starting one, or both, would really make you feel a lot better..	labels:If I start working through the 21 books, that should keep me going for quite a while (even if I'm not interested in all of them)!
text:I believe it will also help give you a sense of accomplishment. I know that it would me.	labels:I agree.
text:Perfect! It sounds like you may have found a solution to help you get out of this rut and "blah" feeling.	labels:Thanks for chatting.
text:I hope that you start feeling better. I'm glad we were able to chat.	labels:It was helpful for me to have a chance to put my feelings into words.  It just seems like I haven't had the opportunity to do that recently.
text:I glad that you were able to talk about how you are feeling. That is a big step in feeling better.	labels:I believe that we've successfully completed the task, and I need to go cook dinner.   Goodbyt.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello, how are you today.	labels:I've been better. I have to give a presentation at work on a stage. This is causing me a lot of stress and problems sleeping.
text:What about giving a presentation gave you stress?	labels:It is the thought of getting nervous in front of people and forgetting what I want to say.
text:Have you taken steps to help you overcome this fear, such as rehearsing in front of the mirror or in front of another person?	labels:I have learned my lines and practiced at home a lot. I know what to say almost word for word but I had a bad experience in the past that has scared me.
text:I understand giving presentations is nervewrecking, but at least you are trying. Are you allowed to take a few notecards just in case?	labels:Thanks for understanding, yeah I suppose I could take notes. I think it is being in front of people and looking foolish that I'm scared of the most. I know a lot of people at work and don;t want them to think I'm bad on stage. Can you related to that?
text:I can definitely relate. It is best to look past the audience and just focus on an object close by. Everyone of us have had to experience this. You are not alone..	labels:Hopefully I can try to get past the nerves, some people make it look easy. I'm usually really confident but something about standing on a stage makes me feel very scared and anxious.
text:Before you go on, try taking a few deep breaths.  Why not try meditating a few days before?	labels:I could do I suppose. I won't be the only one presenting that day so I feel like I won't be able to measure up against the other people on stage.
text:Try shifting the focus on what could go wrong, to what could go right? Focus on others congratulating you on a job well done..	labels:Yeah I do have a tendency to be negative sometimes and make a big deal out of things. I should actually focus on the good things. Has this technique helped you in the past?
text:Yes, in the term "fake it until you make it." I keep on thinking of what could go right, or in my favor, and when I am done, it actually went okay, and any "fears" i had, never came to fruition..	labels:I think that is really good advice. I think I have just suffered from a bad experience in the past and this has shaped my way of thinking to always be fearful. I'm fine in meetings or virtually but something about a stage just scares me.
text:That's understandable. But now that you're aware, you have the steps the move forward and be successful..	labels:yes I don't want it to hold me back personally or professionally any more.
text:I believe you can do it..	labels:hey thanks that really helps.
text:HOpe you ace your presentation.	labels:I hope so too but in future I'll fake it until I believe it!	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:I'm not feeling great. I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me.
text:So you think she may, have started a relationship with someone else?	labels:Yes, I think so although I don't have any proof. Things were going really well and then all of a sudden she text me and told me things aren't working.
text:Ok, well that doesn't sound pleasant and must be difficult to hear. Perhaps her feelings have changed and there isn't necessarily another person involved?	labels:She has started a new job and I think she might have met someone at work that she likes better than me. I can't believe she is doing this to me!
text:Ok so it seems like you are quite angry at the moment at the thought of her with someone else, is that true?	labels:Yes I suppose it is true. The thing is I thought things were going well and she is stressed out at work with her new job but we were getting on great!
text:I had a similar experience myself. My partner was stressed and I was busy myself. It turns out that I wasn't paying him enough attention and this made him feel like I didn't think he was important to me any more.	labels:I haven't thought of it like that before but still I want to talk to her about it not just text me randomly and hint at ending things.
text:From my experience, when I actually talked to my boyfriend we agreed to make more time for each other and things did improve.	labels:Okay what do you think I should do about it because the text seemed very final? Looks like she has made her mind up already about things..
text:Sometimes people say one thing but actually mean another. They are complicated and don't always say what they really mean.	labels:Do you think that she wants to talk rather than end the relationship?
text:I cannot say for certain however I think you should talk to her but also prepare yourself for the fact that she may actually want to spend some time apart or end  the relationship. it would be wise to prepare for that outcome as upsetting as it may be.	labels:That makes sense but it is not what I want to hear. After all we have been through together, we were even talking about getting our own place together and now all that will be for nothing!
text:I think you are reflecting on your plans together and the thought of the relationship ending is making you upset and angry.	labels:Yes that's right. I know getting angry doesn't help but I want things to go back to the way they were.
text:Ok so based on what you have told me I think that your girlfriend has got a new job and you are planning on moving in together is that correct?	labels:Yes that's right but that's what couples do isn't it?
text:It is but that is a lot of change all happening at once. Perhaps she is getting a little bit scared and rather than dealing with the situation she is running away, perhaps you should talk about this and see how she responds?	labels:I still think there is someone else that has come between us.
text:Have you got any evidence of this like seen a text message or has she behaves strangely?	labels:No I haven't, it is just a feeling.
text:Ok well it is natural to feel like this sometimes. People tend to fear the worst.	labels:So do you think I should try and talk to her and ask her outright if she has met someone else?
text:I think rather than ask her that question directly, you could start the conversation and ask her why she is feeling this way. This would show you care and are prepared to listen without jumping to conclusions.	labels:I think I do need to calm down a bit and maybe talking to her would be the best way to start. I don;t know what I'd do though if she ended it.
text:The best thing to do would be prepared to have the conversation, stay calm and listen. She may just want to talk but also be prepared as it may not go the way you plan.	labels:Ok well maybe if I show her that I can stay calm and strong then she will stay with me?
text:Be prepared that she may end the relationship but getting angry is likely not to change her mind. Getting angry does not improve difficult conversations..	labels:I suppose I could go into it and listen as you have said, there could be other reasons like the new job or maybe morning in that is causing some of it. I'll try and keep calm but it is hard when emotions run high.
text:Take a deep breath and try to relax beforehand. Staying positive and allowing her to speak will make for a better conversation. She will be more likely to open up to you.	labels:That is actually pretty good advice. I hope we stay together and there is nobody else though..
text:I hope you manage to work it through and can at least talk about your feelings.	labels:Hey thanks for the words of wisdom. Not sure I'll like the chat but I'll try and stay calm.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm sad and angry because I no longer talk to my best friend.
text:Do you know what might have happened to cause your and your best friend to not talk anymore?	labels:Well she was staying at my house for a month and we were constantly fighting so she just stopped talking to me.
text:That sounds really stressful and I can see how troubling that is for you.	labels:Yes it is and then she began avoiding me while we were in the same house, so we started arguing again and I found out she's been lying to me since I've known her and I'm very upset.
text:That's definitely very upsetting. I know how it feels to have that sense of betrayal from a friend I was close to for many years. However, I was able to discuss the issue I had with my parents and other friends. Do you have anyone else close to you that you can talk to?	labels:I don't think so, my parents think I was too harsh by deciding to end the friendship, it as if my own family doesn't understand..
text:That can definitely add to frustration. What about your other friends? Do you have anyone who either shares the same opinion as you or does not know your friend that you can talk to?	labels:My other friend believed that it wasn't too harsh to end the friendship as they know I value honesty but it makes me feel angry that I was being used for so long and constantly lied to.
text:You have every right to be angry, but the most important thing you can do is find a good support system with your other friend. It will take some time to heal, but I'll tell you a paraphrased version of one of my favorite quotes: "Resentment is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die." It's important to find support in your other friends and heal properly.	labels:I really love that quote, it's absolutely true; I think I will talk to my friend about the situation some more so I can fully get over it.
text:That sounds like a wonderful idea. Is there anything else you would like to discuss?	labels:Yes, I also realized that I wasn't angry with my friend but rather myself.
text:Can you elaborate more? Earlier you said you and your friend were arguing while she was living in your house, then she stopped talking to you. Why might you be angry with yourself?	labels:Because I basically allowed her to use me for seven years and kept lying to me or gave her space because I thought I was being a good friend. I feel like I was stupid to do that and soft.
text:If I may, I would argue that your actions don't make you soft and they certainly don't make you stupid. They are certainly not any reason to be angry with yourself. If I may bring up another cliché: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." I would say you're in the "fool me once" stage and it is your friend's actions that have brought you pain. I think you're unlikely to trust her again. Also, hindsight is 20/20. What you might see now in ways that your friend might have used you are things that you might not have seen then. We want to think the best of our friends until they prove us wrong. I think you were being the best friend you could be.	labels:Thank you very much, I'll continue to talk about the issue with my other friend, I really appreciate your wisdom. .
text:Of course. I think you'll be alright and remember the healing process can take a long time after betrayal. Remember to be kind to yourself and keep that support system of your other friend by you.. Is there anything else you would like to discuss?	labels:No thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm not doing very well. I feel very depressed.
text:Are you aware of things that may have cause your depression?	labels:I recently got fired.
text:I'm sorry to hear, that can be really straining on someone, sounds like you're stressed about the situation.	labels:I guess, I mostly just feel really depressed, like I didn't do a good job..
text:I often feel the same way when I'm unable to achieve something However I talked to a close friend about the issue to get some feedback.	labels:That sounds like a good idea, I could talk to my best friend about this.
text:It's great that your willing to speak to someone about it.	labels:I think it might help, maybe I won't feel so sad afterward or so useless.
text:It sounds like being fired has made you more self negative. Does that sound right?	labels:Yes.
text:What are some ways you might express this to your best friend when seeking valued feedback?	labels:I guess I could say that being fired has made me feel useless and very depressed.
text:That's a good place to start and hearing feedback can sometimes be hard to hear but I think you can do it !!	labels:Thank you, I think that this might help me.
text:You're very welcome and I know will start to feel better soon.	labels:Thank you very much. I think this will really help.
text:Is there anything else you have on your mind?	labels:Not really.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello?\nhey how are you doing?	labels:Doing alright, thanks. Yourself?
text:Doing fine, thank you.	labels:Good to hear.
text:What brings you here today?	labels:I've been feeling very down lately.
text:That sounds difficult, Would you like to elaborate on that?	labels:Sure. I feel depressed about the state of the US and of the rest of the world. It's very overwhelming.
text:That is completely understandable, there are a lot of overwhelming things going on right now.	labels:Yes and a lot of uncetainty.
text:Most definitely, I've also been feeling a bit overwhelmed by what's going on.. How have you been coping?	labels:It's good to know others feel the way I do. I've been trying to keep busy and not watch the news too much.
text:That is a good strategy, all the news outlets can be very overwhelming..	labels:Yes with lots of conflicting information.
text:What do you like to do to keep busy?	labels:Work, read, exercise. I've been going to the gym more.
text:Those sound like really good coping skills.	labels:Thank you. I'm trying. I really don't want to be on medication.
text:That's a personal choice you're completely allowed to make. It sounds like you have a good foundation for building on your ability to cope..	labels:I am trying. I don't want to fall deep down an emotional black hole.
text:Understandable. Do you talk with a therapist or have someone you trust you like to talk to?	labels:Yes, my husband is very supportive but I don't want to upset him too much so I don't fully open up.
text:That's great he is supportive. Seeing an individual counselor or someone of the like can also be helpful. They're there for just you and they have unbiased opinions. A lot are doing telehealth right now..	labels:I will look into the telehealth. Thank you for that recommendation.
text:You're welcome, hopefully it can be helpful. I, myself, have used telehealth therapy recently and it's just been helpful with all the unprecedented chaos going on this year..	labels:I will give that a try. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am here to discuss my anxiety over the current pandemic.\nHey there! That's a good topic to talk about. With everything that's been going on, it's normal to feel some anxiety. What do you think is one thing that is giving you a lot of anxiety?	labels:Thank you very much for your understanding. Yeah it's tough especially with rising cases for the past two weeks or so in my city.. I live in Canada and my city is pretty good so far and really low on numbers but have been seeing new cases every day for the last two weeks or so. so that adds anxiety to me when I go out and I am more on guard and paranoid.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Similar stuff is happening where I am, and I also get anxious hearing about it.	labels:And we had a lock-down earlier this year and yet, with the exception of one province, every province remains operational at full speed despite lock-downs earlier, and now a lot of provinces are seeing record cases with the second wave. yeah I hope you get through this okay also and stay safe and well.
text:What do you feel when you feel on guard and paranoid? Try to say some more about that if you can. Thanks, I hope the same for you.	labels:I go out pretty much only when I have a purpose and personal admin/errands. I work about one or two days a week out of my home. So with the rising cases, I just feel anxious having to get out of the safety of my home. I was a lot more anxious earlier this year though. I am much more used to it at this time. And it's hard where everyday is the same for me and staying at home, without a change of pace like even simple walks outside, going to the gym, or going to hike or run etc. I pretty much missed out the whole year after March. My life has been on hold and I am just surprised that it's even november now, because it feels like I am still stuck in March.
text:Yeah, that makes sense. When this was all new, the uncertainty probably made for more anxiety. Now that we know some more about what is safe and what isn't, maybe less so.But it doesn't mean the anxiety is gone, of course. It's still around in our day-to-day lives. Well said. You feel stuck. The usual things you would do now are just not available to you.	labels:yeah I have been adjusting to it and the cases were down and even to zero in my city for most of the last few months, but there's definitely the start of a new community spread now. yes correct. Plus there's a loss of routine or motivation. I procrastinate a lot and get lost in thought or lost without thought. I don't work out as much as I used to (inside or outside of home). I don't eat as well and my sleep pattern is not good at all (I sleep a lot later than I should). So I am disappointed in myself to say the least. and also feeling guilty to see myself waste my life and time this way and not being productive.
text:I can rephrase some of this, if you don't mind. In a way, you're talking about activities that you may have used (gym, hikes, etc) to keep yourself in a good mood. Now that those don't seem available, you just don't have those opportunities to boost your mood. It makes sense that you would be feeling this way.	labels:now I am more used to it of course, but this summarizes how I have been feeling for most of this year.
text:I think you explained yourself really well. Thanks for sharing how you've been feeling.	labels:yes you're right. That's exactly it. I think it's going to be this way for a long time. I see other people compromising and taking the risk to go out for walks or runs, and even to the gym. I could have done that for the last few months when we had zero cases for awhile, but I didn't want to gamble and compromise. And I still see those people as selfish when I choose to do what I think is right. yeah no worries. It's good that you understand and thank you for listening.
text:Do you think if you went ahead anyway to the gym or out for runs that you would feel guilty for doing them?	labels:We won't know more about the mental implications and the sociological aspects of the pandemic probably until years to come. I thought about that.
text:Yeah, and that just throws on another layer of why things are difficult right now. No one wants to feel guilty for doing things that could help themselves.	labels:to the gym, I certainly would. Because it's indoors and I do feel it's unsafe as there are many equipment that others could touch. Running I felt that way because the path that I usually run on is narrow and other people walk through it also. However, I did have second thoughts about that when the case numbers were down. But I finally decided to keep doing it and stick to all outdoor trips for essential business. but that's just me, and I know we all have different personalities, preferences, and tolerances of risks and acceptances, etc.
text:Have you ever heard of the phrase "black or white thinking?" As in, thinking that situations or people are completely good or completely bad? Or completely doable or completely impossible?	labels:so in my opinion, I feel a little indignant at the people that have been going out frivolously like there's nothing going on, to even gamble their safety and their family's. Like I live in an apartment building, and the people around me and below me are always going out, even for the last few months. So I don't feel safe either but also indignant that others are doing what I could have done, but that I had compromised on for my safety and everyone else's safety. So I just didn't feel it was fair for them to do that when I could have done that anytime I wanted. black and white thinking...let me think. for this pandemic, it's pretty much black and white.
text:Yeah, I think I understand that too. I get really frustrated hearing about people hosting big parties or not wearing masks because they think it's no big deal. They're putting others at risk.	labels:Because I either go out or I don't. I have to compromise my values and everything I worked hard to preserve for the last few months to go out, even if I put on extra protection etc. And I just rigidly refuse to compromise my values because I don't believe it's right. Because if I had done that, I would have done that already, and long ago. And even though it's really hard on me. yeah exactly. Because people are being selfish and are subjecting others to risks even if they don't care about themselves. but I know I am pretty extreme in my thinking. I really love the outdoors and I go out pretty often before the pandemic. But it's just that my own thinking is rigid and made up about it. But anyhow, that's the situation in a nutshell.
text:I think we all do black-or-white thinking to some extent. We're wired to try and make sense of the world, and maybe our brains don't like to spend time on nuance and grey areas. We all tend to quickly categorize things into good or bad, easy or hard, black or white.	labels:yeah I understand your thinking with the grey areas as well. I suppose for this case, it's all black and white for me, no grea areas or compromises. that's good analysis by the way. But anyhow I am good to go then. Thank you so very much for understanding and for your valuable inputs.
text:Does this time have to be a "waste" for you? With no productivity? That seems pretty extreme.	labels:it's a fascinating area though, fascinating thinking. I am also curious on the social and mental implications of this in the long-run. but only time will tell. there will be so much research and books written about our times. well I do a lot of "waste" at home. So I am quite sluggish and lazy and lost at home.
text:Thanks for saying that! I liked talking with you, and we can wrap this up. I guess I'm saying you sound thoughtful and intelligent, I'm confident that you could find ways to get more out of this time if that's what you're wanting to do.	labels:I am productive but not as driven or productive as before at home. for sure yeah. I am sure we can get through all this in one piece eventually. I was thinking this also that even though this is a very tough time, we will look back on this about years from now, and say wow, we got through all that!
text:Not as productive? Of course! It's a pandemic. We all are.  :)    Hope you're not too hard on yourself right now.	labels:no no I am okay thanks for asking. I am just kind of spelling in out the details of my thinking and how my life has been so far. I am actually okay so no worries.
text:Ha, exactly. Maybe we're not all thriving and getting rich and adding 15 pounds of muscle during this time. But we can get through it.	labels:yup. Exactly. Lost time can always be made up later. okay then. I am good to go. Thanks again and thank you for your input. It does help to just kind of vent in a way.
text:Before we quit, would you want to say one specific thing you know you can do today to help yourself out?	labels:Yeah for sure. I worked out a little bit before I started the chat. I am also doing some online courses on my own time. So I will keep working hard on those. And I hope to get back more into the routine of working out. I really do think it helps my mood if I just make more time and motivation for that. And you seem intelligent and analytical also and you know what I mean. So I do appreciate your time and input.
text:Nice! Good job with those things.	labels:thanks. I hope you best of luck then with all your endeavours. I know we can all get through this time. Thank you. stay well and stay safe my friend.
text:Right on, same to you. It's okay to feel anxious right now. It's okay to feel unproductive right now. It's also okay to keep on doing the things that make you feel okay. Great job keeping up the workouts and the classes.	labels:Thank you and all the best.	episode_done:True
text:I can't take it anymore the stress from my parents.  They don't acknowledge I am doing my best.\nI can see you are trying hard but aren't feeling acknowledged.	labels:It's so hard to not get the affirmation that I am doing a good job.
text:What is it that they aren't affirming you on?	labels:They don't say that I made the best choices I could given the circumstances.
text:I see that can be frustrating. .	labels:I want to cry every time they talk to me.  I don't know how to communicate any better what I'm feeling.
text:I see that you are communicating to them but they don't understand where you are coming from.  That can be frustrating.	labels:What can I do to please them?
text:When did this start?	labels:When my children started getting in trouble at school.
text:When my children were in the same situation I felt a lot of heat too from my parents.  It's helpful sometimes to talk to a school counselor.  Have you tried that at all?	labels:That would maybe help.  I have to see maybe they could help me with solving the situation.
text:They have some experience with other families and maybe could connect you with people who are having similar issues. I've done that in the past.	labels:I see your point.
text:Do you have other family members or friends who you could talk to?	labels:Yes, maybe my sister could help.  She has children too. .
text:That sounds like a great plan to try.	labels:Thanks so much for the help.
text:It has been my pleasure.  Is there anything else I can do?	labels:No thanks. You have been of great help. Thanks so much.
text:You are very welcome.	labels:Have a nice day.
text:You as well have a nice day.	labels:good bye to you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, what I can help you with today?	labels:Hi. I had problems in the past and somehow right now.
text:What sort of problems were in your past and now?	labels:I loved physics and I decided to attend university, but soon after I slowly lost my interest and became unmotivated.
text:What was happening in your life that made you lose interest?	labels:Actually the professors and the class atmosphere was the reason, and of course the quality of teaching. so I started to skipping the classes and failing.
text:It sounds like that is a lot of reasons to be stressed. Have you spoken to a school counselor?	labels:Yes lots of stress and pressure. I did not, because we didn't have such things or at least I wasn't aware. But nobody even pointed that why I'm failing, they just didn't care.
text:I agree it is a lot of pressure, but do not let bad teachers deter you. I would reach out to a school counselor and let them know your situation. Every school must have one.. Also, physics is a difficult course to study, but if you chose it, that means you have a very strong mind..	labels:I loved physics a lot more than now, but what's the point of studying when the teachers are pulsing you not to study! (because of the quality of teaching) I hope there was someone, but I don't think we have a counselor.
text:More reason to speak to a school counselor or school administrator. We need to provide help to students, not have bad teachers deter them..	labels:Yeah, same with me! I wish I could attend a better univeristy.
text:What made you choose this particular university you are at?	labels:I didn't have another choice but this.
text:Have you looked into other Universities for the possibility of transferring.	labels:Hmmm, actually I didn't think about this option.
text:Just think about what you want in a good university and research from there.	labels:Yeah, I should do it. Thanks for the talk. you've been more helpful than my teachers!
text:You're welcome I hope you find the perfect university for you.	labels:Thanks, I wish  you luck in your future endeavours. Bye then ; )	episode_done:True
text:I do not what what to do. Do you think I should just stop being friends wither?\nBeing friends with who?	labels:My friend does not want to be friends anymore after 13 years, she thinks I am too buys with my kids.
text:She doesn't want to be friends, but what do you want?	labels:To be friends, its been 13 years.
text:So you still want to be friends but she doesn't.	labels:yes. She thinks I put her second to me family.
text:Have you talked with your friend about your feelings?	labels:yes, but she does not understand since she is not married and does not have children.
text:Does she just want to spend more time with you?	labels:I think she feels left out.
text:Is there a way you can help her feel more included?	labels:I guess I can reinforce that she is always invited over! But I am just soooo exhausted after having twins.
text:I understand, that must be exhausting!	labels:No time to sleep... ever.... How do I tell her I have feelings too. She just wants to go out and doesn't offer to help.
text:I understand, I think that you should tell her about your situation and how you feel.	labels:I am not very good at expression my emotions rn with out getting emotional.
text:It is okay to get emotional, it may even help her understand how you feel better.	labels:ugh you are right! I just get scared to break down that all, even after 13 years..
text:It is okay to be scared, but having emotions and getting emotional is natural.	labels:you are so right.
text:Do you feel like you have a better understanding of what to do?	labels:yes I do! Thank you so much.
text:You are welcome, I hope everything turns out all right.	labels:Thank you! Your help means a lot. Have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I was wondering if you can help me with my academic issues..\nyes. tell me what happened?	labels:I am very stressed. My parents want to me to go to the school of their choice but its not looking good. If I dont go into their choice school I will have to pay for school on my own. Im not able to complete my work at school becuase of the stres.
text:it sounds that you dont feel heard by your parents.	labels:Yes, they just tell me they want the best for me but its making my stomach hurt constantly.
text:i think you have done your best and you are continuing to try hard. i think you have done your best and you are continuing to try hard.	labels:Thank you. I just don't know what I should do about my school and future college endeavors.
text:everything happens  for a reason. you just have to stay calm.did you express yourself to your friends or a caretaker?	labels:My friends just tell me to take loans out like they are.
text:do you think that will help you out?	labels:I think it would but I don't want to go into debt because of college.
text:try do get some online jobs so that you can cop up with both your college and finances.	labels:Okay I can try and do that.
text:yes, i hope everything ends well.	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhow are you feeling lately? how are you feeling lately?	labels:Sad. I don't have any motivation.
text:That's really hard. but,i think you can do it.	labels:Yeah. I just was supposed to be something important ya know?
text:It seems that you are really stressed about the situation.	labels:Thank you. I am. I just tried so hard for so long to do something meaningful with my life. And now I am coming to terms with having a "normal" job and I can't even do that right.
text:i feel the same way.now i understand the reason though.it is because i didn't know what to say to strangers.	labels:Yeah. I mean I know a lot of people struggle the same way. I just need ways to find validation that are not based on my job. But validation doesn't pay the bills.
text:some people express themselves in person, some communicate in words.have you tried any different ways?	labels:No, I will try that. Thank you for your advice. I think that talking it out with some other people who are not family will be helpful as well.
text:no mention. deep breaths can help people calm down.	labels:I hadn't thought of that.
text:could you try to take few deep breaths?	labels:Yes, I think I will do that.
text:happy to hear.	labels:I think I will follow your advice and try to take more mindful deep breaths and try to communicate with some other people in different ways.
text:well, thats a good idea to do do.	labels:Thank you. You have been very helpful. Enjoy the rest of your day.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so tense all the time since my son is ill.\nCan you tell me more about what you're feeling?	labels:I wonder if he will ever get better.  I'm so scared for his future with perhaps others having to care for him or even if he will eat.
text:It seems like you are concerned about your son's future and wellbeing. Is this correct?	labels:Yes, absolutely correct.
text:Does your son have any other supports in his life? Does your son have any other supports in his life?	labels:Supports don't help him get his mind back only the correct medication. The worst part is that church is our support, but he has religious delusions.
text:I see how that could be intensely difficult to deal with. I think your strength is admirable.	labels:Thank you, but I'm worried about how long my strength can last.
text:From our communications it seems you are feeling anxious and stressed as well.	labels:Do you have any suggestions?
text:Yes, I would suggest you find a place where you are comforted and feel safe. You are in a difficult situation and it is clear you need emotional support as well. Do you know of any support groups in your area?	labels:I could reach out to my parents.  They have supported me the most.
text:I think that is a wonderful idea. You deserve to feel safe and supported too.	labels:Yes, they can help me just to give me comfort. .
text:Some people find comfort in hobbies as well. Do you have any comforting hobbies?	labels:I like hobbies but I have to watch my other children all the time and don't have much time for myself.
text:Are there other people in your life who can watch the children too?	labels:No, they have disabilities too so it's hard to get someone to watch them.
text:You are certainly in a frustrating situation, but it is clear you are a good caregiver.	labels:Thanks. I guess I just have to make the best of the situation and pray for a miracle.
text:There are some charitable organizations which may be able to provide some relief in your area. Have you looked into those?	labels:I contacted some support services, but haven't found anything yet.  Thanks for trying. I will have to try more groups.  You have been helpful .	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there. How are you doing?	labels:ok. not great. how r u.
text:I am sorry to hear that. What is going on that makes you not feel great? I am well, thanks for asking.	labels:breaking up with husband.  mixed emotions on it.  relieved it is out in the open, sad it has to be over.
text:Going through a break up is never easy, especially when it is with someone you thought you would spend you life with. I understand completely. It is natural to feel sad for a while. I have been divorced myself so I know it is not easy. But I can promise it gets much better.	labels:yeah. it sucks. wish it was not this way.  do not want to move on but without trust there is nothing.
text:Of course and it is normal to have mixed feelings.	labels:I just cannot get out of this funk.  why me?  what did i do to make him want someone else?
text:Have you looked into any divorce support groups in your area or online? It can help to discover that you are not alone in how you feel.	labels:Yeah, but the only one  in my area in person is cancelled.  online seems impersonal.  I dont mind being on my own, but like companionship.  But will not trust again.  I am in a no win situation.  At least the kids are grown. talking does help some, just no way to fix this really.  It is internalized with me.
text:I understand. I went though a lot of feelings myself when I divorced. Blaming myself, blaming him, missing him. It took some time to work through but thankfully today it is all a distant memory. Sometimes time is the best healer. Be kind to yourself and take time for you.	labels:yep. i guess it is too soon.  2020 is the suckiest year ever. On so many levels.
text:I hear you on that. It has been a very unusual year in general. I think that with everything going on in the world it is more important than ever that we take me time..	labels:got plenty of me time. lol. this is just the worst year to meet people.  most of my friends were mutual marriage friends, and their pity is uncomfortable, and a few have chosen sides.
text:I know how hurtful that can be when people chose sides. It happened in my own divorce. The best thing you can do I think is to remember not to let anyone else's misinformed opinions affect how you ultimately view yourself. None of those people were there and none of them experienced what you did..	labels:yeah, i am ok with losing certain friends.   some have surprised me some not so much.  no way to meet new people or get away. .	episode_done:True
text:How do you become happy? How do you find something worth living for?\nHi, I think there are a lot of ways to become happy and to find something worthy living for. Let's start with things that interest you. What do you like doing for fun?	labels:I don't really know anymore, nothing makes me happy these days. I used to like reading a lot but it's become a chore.
text:And what kinds of things did you like to read?	labels:Mostly fiction books. Fantasy, historical novels, contemporary fiction, anything really.
text:That's really great! I used to struggle with finding joy in reading as well. I was a graduate student at the time so I was mostly reading research papers.	labels:Do you like reading again? What helped?
text:Have you tried picking up a new hobby? Something you have always thought might be fun but haven't ever tried because of lack of time or energy?	labels:I wanted to try rock climbing, but I don't know. I'm not really in the best shape.
text:I do like reading now. I took some time after school to take care of my mental health by going on walks and being in nature. Overtime, I started to pick up books again. I've found I really like true crime and autobiographies the best.	labels:I feel like people will just make fun of me.
text:Rock climbing is so fun! Have you tried taking a beginners course? I started there. I was very nervous I would be made fun of, but found that it was a really supportive community.	labels:I guess I can give it a try. But I don't know if it will be enough.
text:You might find it's just the community of people that you need right now. From my experience, they were all super friendly and open to helping me along the way.	labels:I guess you're right. I tend to get caught up in my own thoughts, which never have anything good to say about me.
text:Just from chatting with you, you seem like such a nice person. I don't think anyone would have mean things to say about you..	labels:That's kind of you to say.
text:I really hope you'll take the leap to trying rock climbing! It was so fun for me when I did it and I can't wait to get back out there to learn more (hopefully COVID will be over soon!) :-).	labels:Yeah I think I'll check if any gyms are open right now and try a class.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you doing today? Hi, How are you doing today?	labels:I feel like shit and I don't know how I can move on. I can't help but feel there must be something wrong with me, or if I did something wrong.
text:It sound like you are having a really hard time right now.	labels:Like I had all these plans and they just came crashing down, and now I have to start all over again. Well yeah, I just broke up with my partner after finding out they cheated on me.
text:That is a very difficult situation. Starting over again can be a great opportunity for growth.	labels:I feel like I'm too old to start over again. There must be something wrong with me after all.
text:I understand how you feel. I had a bad break up, but it turned out to be a good thing in the long run.	labels:How so?
text:Well, looking back the relationship was pretty toxic and everything was better once I was out of it. I am sure your life will be happier and more fulfilling soon.. It sounds like you are blaming yourself for everything. Why do you feel at fault?	labels:I don't know, it doesn't feel like anything's getting better soon. I've been busy with work so I haven't been spending as much time with my partner.
text:It sounds to me like you have been working hard to support your life with you partner. They should respect that.	labels:Maybe it is my fault, maybe I didn't communicate enough.
text:Is this a relationship you would want back if you could get it back?	labels:No, I don't think I'd want to get back with someone who cheated on me.
text:I would agree with you on that! That was how I felt too.	labels:I guess I just need some time to think things through.
text:For sure. Just take things slowly, one day at a time. Take the time you need to learn to enjoy your new life. For sure. Just take things slowly, one day at a time. Take the time you need to learn to enjoy your new life. Sorry for hitting enter twice. :)	labels:Here's to hoping things get better. Thanks for listening anyways.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you today?	labels:been better how are you?
text:I'm doing well, thanks. Is something bothering you?	labels:That's good. yes about my daughter. I typed it all in already.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Unfortunately I didn't receive the message you had typed, would you like to talk about it?	labels:My daughter is 16 and got out of hand for a little while. I grounded her. And since that time, she has decided to move in with her dad. which is fine. But I've only gotten to see her once in 3 months. She don't want to see me. you there?
text:That's tough, I'm sorry. I don't have children of my own yet, but I remember being a teenager and having a similar phase. If it makes you feel any better, I eventually grew out of that phase and have a wonderful relationship with my parents now!	labels:That's good..
text:With the holidays coming up, maybe that's a good opportunity to reunite and spend some quality time with her?	labels:By law though I don't think that my ex husband can keep her from me? I feel like I have a right to see my child. I have 4 kids altogether. My other 2 daughters are older and have already moved out and my son is still at home. I've dealt with teenagers and it's not easy but this is too extreme.. I asked about the holidays and she said she didn't know. It's gonna be hard not having her here..
text:Does she have a good relationship with her siblings? Maybe they can help convince her to spend some family time at home?.	labels:She did but not so great anymore. I sure hope so. It's been hard on everybody. especially her little brother.
text:Maybe she just needs some time to decompress. Being a teenager is a stressful time, especially this year with everything with COVID. I'm hopeful that she will come out of this phase.	labels:I'm gonna keep praying. Thank you. You made me feel better. very true. been a tough year. you've been very helpful. thank you.. you have a good day.
text:I'm glad I could help! Keep your chin up. You too.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, I was hoping to get some support. I'm having a hard time with things.\nHo,  Can you please tell me specifically what things you are having a hard time with.	labels:I broke up with my boyfriend because he cheated on me.
text:I hear you saying that your boyfriend broke up with you. Is that correct.	labels:Yes, that's correct. I'm heartbroken! Wait, no. I broke up with my boyfriend. he didn't break up with me.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what led to the breakup.	labels:I caught him cheating on me with my best friend. They were together at the movies and I caught them.
text:Ok,  that sounds like a terrible thing.  Just know that it is not your fault that this happen.  It is not a reflection on you.	labels:Are you sure? Because I keep wondering what I did wrong for him to cheat.
text:You did nothing wrong,  when people cheat it is their own issue they must deal with. You must be feeling horrible,but know that it will be ok, there is someone who will treat you with more respect.	labels:I appreciate you saying that. It makes me feel a bit better! Do you have any advice about how I can take my mind off of things?
text:Do  not let this affect your self esteem, as you are a valuable person. Take long walks,  spend time enjoying your own company and know that you are worth it. You can also try spending time just talking to others as just friends but not getting emotionally involved.	labels:Taking a long walk is great advice. Perhaps I will try doing that more often. The fresh air always does me good. I have a lot of friends I can talk to about this but unfortunately COVID makes it difficult to see them.
text:Great, it will make you feel so much better about yourself and help you put things in perspective. You will eventually see  your ex-partner for who he is.	labels:I have some weight to lose, so taking a walk would help me with that also. Added bonus!
text:Great, so you can look and feel great. With COVID around, it is not the best time to go out and mingle but you can surely look around online and finds some online friends so that when social distancing is no longer an issue you can meet others.	labels:That's not a bad idea either. I think I'm feeling much better now.
text:Wonderful,  I am glad I can be of assistance. Have a wonderful day.	labels:You too :)	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi, how are you?	labels:i feel anxious.
text:That sounds rough, do you know what triggers your anxiety?	labels:I have a large test coming up for school.
text:So it's the test anxiety that has been causing the stress.	labels:yes, definitely.
text:I had a lot of anxiety before exams when I was in school, too.	labels:how did you manage stress.
text:I tried my best to get more sleep and I studied earlier so that I didn't panic at the last minute. That made it slightly less stressful.	labels:that is what I try to do, I also exercise to relieve the stress. the sleep part can be difficult.
text:That is great! Exercise is supposed to help a lot with stress and anxiety.	labels:Do you have any suggestions to improve sleep the night before?
text:Many studies have shown that melatonin is a safe and effective sleep aid. Boring podcasts are good for sleep, too.	labels:I've tried melatonin - hit or miss. I haven't thought of podcasts - maybe I will try that.
text:I can relate to the problems with sleeping and test anxiety. I know that if you try a few things to see what works for you, it will get better.	labels:thank you! luckily exams don't last forever.
text:Good luck on the exams- you can do it! :)	labels:thank you for your suggestions - which podcast do you recommend I try.
text:I like "Sleep with me" and "Anxiety Slayer".	labels:The names sound like they would be helpful, I will look into them - thanks!
text:You're welcome! Bye.	labels:have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you doing today?	labels:I am feeling very upset because of my situation.
text:would you like to tell me more about it?	labels:Yes. My friend, M, is my oldest friend and knows me the best. If I can't turn to her for help, then who can I turn to?
text:Why do you feel you can't turn to your friend?	labels:She is always so depressed herself. She is too tired, she is too sad, she is too frustrated. Everyone has hard lives, but we all do our best to deal with it. I have a child with special needs and I need help too, but she never thinks to ask about me and see if I am not doing okay.
text:I am sorry to hear that sounds like she sure could use some help as well. Have you tried first taking about her issues and then telling her about yours?	labels:I talk about her issues constantly. I guess I could do a better job about letting her know when I am feeling down. I just ask her to do things with me instead, but maybe she just takes it at face value. Literally everytime we talk though, it's about her problems. But she never does anything to try and fix them.
text:I am sorry to her that, so it sounds like you feel you need to give her help but you dont get any from her. But is also sounds like she might not be aware of you needing help..	labels:Yes, exactly. It would be nice if I didn't have to explicitly spell it out. It makes it seem less meaningful when I have to spoonfeed to her what is wrong and what I need her to do for me.
text:I think you need to try to tell her about your problems, and maybe even if she feels like she is helping you she is more inclined to help herself some too?	labels:That's true, I didn't think about that really. Helping others def can help to take the focus off of yourself.
text:I know, it would be nice of her to ask how are you? But maybe she thinks you are a very strong person that does not need help since you do not voice it.?	labels:Yeah, that is true. I guess I am not looking at it from her persepctive.
text:Yes the feeling that you help someone can be uplifting and good for anyones ego.	labels:Should I tell her that I am frustrated with her lack of helping me or just try to put that behind me? What is a good way to broach that I need help. Like I guess I don't know how to bring it up organically in a conversation.
text:I would try to find a conversation and then tell her like sometimes I could use help with whatever and then tell her that you feel lonely and need her sometimes as well.	labels:Okay, I can try that. I guess I get so caught up in the frustration and my expectations of her, that I don't give it a chance.
text:Give it a try and you are not alone as you see we had a nice conversation.	labels:Thank you, I appreciate your help. :)	episode_done:True
text:hello how are you today?	labels:Hello I am taking a break from my studies to talk. I am fine thanks. Hope you are doing well also. I am just kind of anxious and stressed out with impending academic deadlines.
text:i am fine thanks for asking.	labels:two exams and two assignments due at the end of this and next month. that's good.
text:Aw i am sorry to hear that, school deadlines can be very stressful.	labels:yeah I have been procrastinating and taking my sweet time with things since it's online and basically I do things on my own time.
text:are you taking a lot of courses?	labels:2 courses. but I am pretty much using full time capacity on them. devoting full-time I mean.
text:do you like doing school online better than in person?	labels:Have to finish one at the end of this month and end of next month for the other one.
text:Thats good the more time you have to devote the better!	labels:I have done both methods. I definitely prefer in-school studies.
text:Do you feel it is more stressful online?	labels:I am just disappointed that I have been slacking off and procrastinating. no it's just that it's a different avenue. I have done many online courses before even with the pandemic. I think it's because of the pandemic that has made me procrastinating more and being aimless and slow.
text:Maybe take a hour a day before you start to do something you want to do then you will feel more motivated to get it done after.	labels:yeah I take breaks in between.
text:Yea this pandemic has me not as motivated to.	labels:But sometimes a lot more breaks or longer breaks than intended or I should. yeah definitely. Sorry to hear that. It's like everyday is the same and I can't go out to refresh my mind or have a change of pace such as going to the gym or go out for a run. whereas before the pandemic, I can switch gears that way and come back refreshed. like going out to the movies and coming back with renewed enthusiasm.
text:Yea i have been missing the gym myself. Now i lookup youtube videos of workouts and do them, and it really helps to get me going in the day.. Do you ever listen to music while you are trying to get work done? When i do that it tends to help time go faster and i get more done.	labels:I see. Yeah it's good to have a routine and good way to resume life as usual. sometimes I listen to music but I find it hard to read and absorb and listen to music. But I do listen to music sometimes when I am on assignments. I also tend to drink coffee to focus my mind better. It does help. And I know I can pass the courses and on time but just that I am disappointed at my performance and work ethics as I know I have done much better before. So I am missing that sense of urgency, conscientiousness, and maturity. ,
text:maybe find a nice meditation song to help relax you, i find when i am doing something finding a song with no words is better so i am able to concentrate..	labels:I see. That's a good idea. I was also thinking I should have a regular workout routine at home again because I used to work out much more daily, even at home.
text:It sounds like you are a very smart person and are able to acknowledge when you need to work harder on something. Don't be to hard on yourself this pandemic is affecting everyone.	labels:working out does help me focus and be productive. Thank you and I do agree with you on the pandemic. But this is a part of my mistake too but I think coming away from our conversation, I am more optimistic now having talked to someone about it.
text:Yes i would imagine that would help to, i found that before i started working out at home i was beginning to feel lazy and not getting anything done, but that has all changed now.	labels:I see. Hopefully your routines are much better and more productive now.
text:Aww well try not to be to hard on yourself. Set some daily goals and i bet you will be back to feeling normal in no time. I am glad talking has helped!	labels:yeah that's another thing. It does work better for me if I were to write down some sort of itinerary of what I should get through today, etc. So you're right. well thank you for listening then and providing some very helpful input. Yeah you've been more than helpful! Thank you.
text:You are welcome, best of luck with all your studies!	labels:Just can't wait to finish the two courses these two months and I can finally relax and enjoy the holidays at least. thank you very much. And I hope you best of luck with all your endeavours!	episode_done:True
text:I don't know what do with my life.\nI know sometimes it can be difficult to make decisions. What dilemma are you facing today?	labels:I can't seem to decide anything with my life.
text:I too, have been in your place. There were days I would just stare blankly without being productive. However, I tried meditating which helped me improve my focus. .	labels:Does that really help? How do you start?
text:I am glad you asked. At first, it can seem a little difficult. But the key is to start small and build as you go. For example, allocating 10 minutes after lunch or borrowing some time off of social media.	labels:What exactly do you? How can it help me make decisions without getting anxious?
text:From what I know, you can try to relax before making any decision. I usually follow my intuition and decide. I deal with the outcome later. But meditating has really helped me avoid anxiety. .	labels:I often feel like I'm just going to mess up anyways so I don't see the point in even trying sometimes.
text:It sounds as if you are low on self-confidence and are afraid about unfavourable outcomes. Please correct me if I am wrong.	labels:That sounds about right. I recognize it but I don't know how to deal with it. I'm so afraid of failing, I end up not doing anything.
text:I can feel your anxiety just through this chat conversation.	labels:I tend to expect the worse or nothing at all.
text:In my experience, even if we were to fail, we are bestowed with a valuable life lesson which we can use in future decisions.  Approaching the problem with positive mindset will help a lot! Is that something you'd be willing to try?	labels:I suppose so, but it's hard to break habits and a mindset that I've cultivated.
text:That's true. However, research shows that any habit can be broken or formed if you put your mind to it everyday for 5-10 minutes for 3 continuous weeks. Perhaps, replacing your negative thoughts with happy ones might help.	labels:I guess it's a start. I can do three weeks, and hopefully move on from there.
text:Awesome. I am glad I was able to get you started towards a positive mentality. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?	labels:That's all for now. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:My friend borrowed money from me but she won't return it now.\nI am sorry about that. It is always hard when we trust someone and they let us down. is that waht you are feeling? Disappointment in your friend?	labels:Yes,i am very dissapointed because i trusted her completely.
text:I understand. I have been through a similar situation. Was it a large amount of money?	labels:What did you do to come out of the tricky situation? Yes,it was for me,a total of $10000.
text:Oh, That is a very large amount of money. I can understand your being upset with them. Have you talked to them about the money and returning it?	labels:Yes,i am very very upset.What would you do in my position? Yes,she just sounded non-comittal,saying that she will return it when she can.
text:I see. It is a financially difficult time for us all. I am wondering if your friend might be upset and embarrassed that they can not pay you back immediately? Have you asked her if she could even afford some sort of small payments?	labels:Yes,i asked her how we could restructure the payment in her favor because i understand how difficult it is for everyone right now but she did not answer.
text:Were you speaking on the phone or in person? Is this a financial burden for you? Would you consider this person a good friend? Would you be sad if they were not in your life anymore?	labels:We were speaking on phone because i wanted to set up a physical meeting where we could discuss the logistics. Yes,it is a financial burden because this is money i was saving for a venture.
text:That is very difficult. It is hard to judge things on the phone..	labels:Yes,this is a really close friend from way back and i would be devastated to lose the friendship. It is difficult to judge on the phone yes,which is why i wanted a physical meeting but she snapped at me and said that she will just pay me when she can.
text:I see. I am very sorry about that! it is very difficult when a friend betrays your trust like that..	labels:Yes,very difficult.
text:It sounds like you are doing what you can. It is very nice of you to have been this patient.	labels:How do you suggest i shoulp proceed?
text:Is the friendship more important than the money? That is what it came down to for me.	labels:And you chose what?
text:If you can not get her to meet with you, perhaps it might be time to seek advice from a lawyer? That is providing that you are willing to possibly lose a friend..	labels:Thank you very much for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?	labels:Hey.
text:Is there anything that you would like to discuss?	labels:Im not doinf the best beating myself up over past thinga ive done in my life.
text:in what ways have you been beating yourself up?	labels:Well i been thinking boutnmy ex girlfriend. Wishing i woulsldve done things i done.
text:that can be a difficult situation to be going through.	labels:I been feelinf shame, disgust, and anxiety.
text:I have gone through the same thing and have found that time passing helps, and not dwelling on the past but instead working to make things currently in your life better.	labels:Really bad. Losingnmybrelatiinship with her really different.
text:sometimes overthinking about things can keep your mind in a bad place, maybe there's something like a hobby or new people you can engage with? it can be hard, and many people share the same experience. it is not a lonely world.	labels:Ya i suppose your rifht.
text:i can feel how anxious you are about the situation.. how long ago did you break up?	labels:Ya well i just wish i had a way to get in touchwith her and let her know that im sorry not trying to get a second chance since i had my chance already and screwed it up.
text:maybe with time she will be ready to talk again. sometimes people need space to collect themselves.	labels:Maybe so but i was a real dickhead to her. She totally didnt swaweve it.
text:i've been there! my ex ended up reaching out to me and we have slowly become friends again. it is hard to rebuild trust, and it can be a very slow process.	labels:Ya your right thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text:hi. is there someone there. Can you help me. hello. did you leave the chat. Please talk to me I need help!\nno i am here.	labels:I came here for support. Thank goodness.
text:How may I help you.	labels:I am having a really hard day today.
text:what happened today? this is a safe place with no judgement express yourself in what way you would like.	labels:I got grounded becuase my parents found out that I recently started dating before age 18. I am 17 and feel like I should be able to have a boyfriend now.
text:Ah i understand. I am sorry about that. Why do you think you should have a boydriend now? Also i can relate to what you have been to I was once a 17 year old whos parents did not want her to have a boyfriend as well.	labels:I have waited till age 17 as I knew this was best for me. The boy is my childhood best friend and has waited for years just to be with me and only me.
text:Ok wow that is a very good position to be in. Now I want you to consider your parents perception why would you think that your parents might not want you to have a boyfriend?	labels:Becuase they are trying to control me and dont want me to be happy and to be alone forever.
text:I understand, Parents are complicated creatures. As an adult maybr your parents are worried about your saftey? Or maybe they dont want to see thire kid grow up that fast your are almost 18!	labels:Why would they worry about my safety? They have raised me to make decisions and I fel like I have made a good one waiting this long and in my own choice of the guy I chose to start a relationship with.
text:Parents worry about thire kids all the time. you know pedophiles, kidnappers and a a lot of other dangerous people out there. it is only natural for parents to worry.	labels:Well, I guess I understand a bit more put like that.
text:Since we might run out of time soon can I give you my advice to you as well?	labels:please do.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How can I help you today?	labels:I'M PASSING THROUGH DEPRESSION.
text:That sounds really rough. When did this begin?	labels:TODAY. I LOST A VERY DEAR FRIEND.
text:I am so sorry to hear this! Losing a close friend can be very difficult.Communicating your feelings is a step in the right direction to cope with your emotions.	labels:i dont know how i can get over ,its heart breaking since i heard about the sad news of his demise. have been taking Alcohol since to wipe away the emotion but its seems its getting more complicated.
text:I can tell you are very sad about this situation and understandably so.  It seems as if alcohol is your coping mechanism right now correct? Do you have close friends to share your emotions with?	labels:yes , i normally take Alcohol any time am going through any sad moment , i dont have friends near by , am the nly one at home.
text:I see.  I also am the only one in my home and frequently have no one to turn to during hard times.  Have you thought about a local grief counselor?.	labels:yes , i am actually thinking about that when mymind is at ease. actually i dont like disclosing my affairs or what am passing through with strangers.
text:You have taken this step and most counselors can do virtual meetings if you would like to keep yourself anonymous. I know it would be really hard for but I have total confidence in you! Have you tried any other ways besides alcohol?	labels:owk, thanks. not really , i havent take anything except alcohol.
text:Journaling your feelings has also been an effective way to get the emotions out! You seem like you have a lot to share so it might be a good option for you!	labels:yea. i will try to consult counselors.
text:I am so glad to hear this! I know you will get through this stronger than before!.	labels:yes, thanks for the concern.
text:I hope I have helped and provided a safe place for you to share. You will get through this! Remember to take one day at a time and never be scared to ask for help!	labels:very well , i reall appreciate. God bless.
text:Same to you!	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi hoe are you doing today? What brings you here?	labels:I am pretty sad.
text:What has got you feelin g so down today? I am here to listen and support you today!	labels:My partner broke up with me a few days ago after having been together for about ten years.
text:What I am hearing is that you seem to have hit an extremem low due to your loss of someone very important to you recently, is this correct?	labels:Yes that is correct.
text:It looks to me like you are pretty dedicated to getting through this hard timeand being successful at such as you have taken a big step reaching out for support tonight to help pull you through this safely.	labels:I am not feeling very positive tonight but I think you are right. I think I reached out for help to assist me in making it through this difficult time safely. I have a problem with self abuse.
text:Would you feel comfortable giving me a little more detail as far as you problem with self abuse? what does this look like for you?	labels:I am a cutter.
text:This is very troubling for me to hear! I used to be a cutter as well so I can relate to this 100%	labels:I usually start cutting on myself when I get too depressed if I do not use drugs and alcohol.
text:As a safety precaution, I would like to give you the phone number for the local crisis center in  your area so that if you ever feel like hurting yourself you can reach out to them for immidiate help in case of this emergency. would that be something that you were open to?	labels:I could always use any help I can get. Please send the number.
text:What state and county do you live in?	labels:I live in colorado springs colorado which is elpaso county.
text:Give me one moment while I search for this number for you. I will be right back with you.	labels:Sure, and thank you!
text:Anytime! That is what I am here for, to help others in need in any way that I can. The number for the local crisis center is 719-465-8365. I would like to share a second number with you as well. Aspen point is a mental health treatment center that accepts people for non residentail treatment such as counseling . The number is 719-786-3856. They also take medicaid if that happens to be your insurance provider. I have heard lots of great things about aspen point. I hope you give them a call to help you safely through these hard times you are having.	labels:I really appreciate the numbers you have sent. I want to thank you for your time and your kindness. You have been a great help tonight!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you feeling tonight?	labels:not so great.
text:I am sorry to hear that! What seems to be bothering you?	labels:I have a real fear of public speaking and I am in a college class that requires me to do this in a large group relatively soon.
text:I can understand your anxiety.  I hate public speaking too. Is this a required class?	labels:Yes i am taking the class this semester and my presentation is due next week. have you done any public speaking.
text:Only required in high school luckily in college I didn't have to do public speaking . What is your major ? I mean it sounds like this is a part of your major. Either way it is EXTREMELY stressful and I would  hate it.	labels:I am a psychology major and while i am great at interacting with others to help them through thier feelings and any problems or difficulties that may be facing, this one is just different for me.
text:I can tell this is challenging for you. May I suggest talking with your professor maybe you could pre record your speech and play it instead of actually doing it? Or maybe practicing with some friends or collegues and seeing if they would help you not be so nervous.	labels:I do not really have any friends I am online student and the presentation is being held on campus at the university and there are no other ways around the public speaking.
text:This is certainly a difficult time  and a unique one.  How about searching online for speech public speaking tips and or training type videos or even libraries some have online books/videos. I would be willing to do a zoom meeting and practice with you if you would like.	labels:I have done everything I can think of to prepare for this. I have been meditating to try and overcome this fear. I have spoken about my anxiety to my partner and family as well.
text:I am sure there are some support groups out there you could search for maybe. Also prayer works if you believe in God as I do!	labels:I am not as anxious on video, just mainly in person in crowds of peopole.
text:I understand better now sorry for the confusion. Have you spoken to your doctor for maybe temporary mild anxiety pills or something since you seem to have tried numerous things without much help.	labels:No problem  no need to apologize. I used to be on anxity medication but I wanted to get off the medication when I  got sober becuase it could lead to a bigger problem for me.
text:Yes I completely agree! I am going be honest and not sure how to help you. I will pray for you but I don't know what else to help. i am happy to listen and be your friend.	labels:WOW! I did not expect something like that to come from someone on here. Prayer is the best help in the world. Nothing is more effective than prayer!
text:Anxiety is a powerful thing and what may work for one person doesn't on another. I truly wish you the best . I would not want to be in your shoes . I honestly HATE public speaking. Yes it is and and most people say nothing left to do but pray and reality is that should be the first thing.  I have learned through many years and dont go to people houses or jam religion down throats but I am led lately to speak up in general conversation if it comes up.	labels:It does seem to be one of my biggest fears in the world!. I can say that just the topic of prayer and that being of the heavenly father, this topic has helped to ease my anxiety in the present moment and I am sure that God led me here to the platform this evening just for this conversation with you even though it was simple in nature, you have been very helpful. People do not talk like this anymore. God and anything related has been taken out of conversations.
text:Anyways,  it is time for me to go to bed. If we were able I would continue to talk to you and pray but as we can't I wish you all the best . Since you are in college you have your entire life ahead of you I hope.  Covid is temporary and this too shall pass. See you in heaven one day I hope . Goodnight and God bless..	labels:Thank you for your time! I will be praying for you as well!
text:I too believe it as well.  and you are right no one talks about it but it should be but it is easier for me with Covid since covid brings up death alot.  you are welcome and Keep safe and God did not give us a fearful mind but ... I don't remember all of it but you could google it .. something sound mind     and Satan will use fear to get us.	labels:God does not give us the spirit of fear is I beleive what you were referring to and you 100% correct GOD BLESS!	episode_done:True
text:Good evening, how are you tonight?.	labels:i'm struggling with my depression, I can't seem to get a handle on it.
text:I'm really sorry to hear that.  What kinds of things have you been doing so far to manage your downswing?	labels:I just keep reliving that moment in my head.
text:Lots of obsessive, intrusive thoughts? .	labels:yes, they just keep popping up  can't stop it.
text:When I get stuck in that loop, I try to change up my entire physical situation -- take a shower or a soak, change up my music if I'm listening to it.  Kind of force my brain to take in a change.	labels:I tried, I tried to keep myself busy, but boom my depressions hits me like a brick wall..
text:Have you ever explored medication?  I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder almost two years ago, and medication has made an enormous difference for me. .	labels:no my doctor prescribed me meds but it's not working. I will try meditation see it works. any more ideas?.
text:You should definitely see if the doctor can adjust your meds, I have ended up on a completely different type of medication than the one I tried first.  But I understand.  I think you should try getting out of the house and enjoying fresh air and physical activity.  It won't cure your depression but it may help your headspace and your point of view. .	labels:hate taking meds. just keep reliving that moment. can't get it out of my head. it's killing.
text:Have you written it down?  Like physically written it down?  Sometimes when I have the obsessive thoughts, I'll do that and being able to see it "in real life" satisfies my brain. But if you're reliving a traumatic moment, it may be beneficial to seek out a licensed therapist who can help you process and move past the moment. .	labels:I will take your advice and right down my thoughts , maybe it will help the pain. I have, I've been seeing a therapist. his not much help I think but it's someone I can talk too.
text:I hope it helps you out, you don't deserve to feel constant pain. .	labels:thank you I hope so too.
text:You seem motivated to get better, so I am confident you will be successful.  You deserve to feel wonderful.	labels:thanks for the confidence. I hope so to. you've been very helpful.
text:I'm glad to hear that!  Thank you!	labels:no problem , hope you a better day than me.	episode_done:True
text:I'm feeling really sad, I thought it was going somewhere.\nI'm sorry to hear that. What do you mean you thought it was going somewhere? Are you okay?	labels:yes I'm okay, I'm so sad. five years , I gave my heart to this girl.
text:Did you guys break up recently?	labels:yes she broke my heart last night, what did I do wrong?.
text:Love is tricky, sometimes there is no wrong.  You shouldn't blame yourself.	labels:but I gave her my all. I feel so betrayed. I'm feeling so sad I want to jump over a bridge.
text:I've been there, a few years before I was married, my boyfriend broke up with me.  We had some space, and then were able to become friends again.  And you know what?  We ended up getting back together and getting married.	labels:you think it's my fault? 5 years man, 5 years and just like that she broke my heart.
text:Don't give up, you never know what the future holds. I don't know your particular situation, but it takes two to make relationships work.  I don't think you should blame yourself.	labels:thank you, will try to keep my head up. you think she cheated on me?
text:I don't know what happened.  Is that what you think happened?	labels:well I don't know. why end so abruptly.
text:What did she say when you broke up?	labels:she just said it's over! over the damn phone.
text:Yikes!  I'm sure that didn't feel very good.	labels:not at all, so heart broken.
text:Have you tried talking to her since? Oftentimes people have confused feelings and after some time to reflect, things might change. .	labels:no, she won't pick up her phone.
text:She may need some space to figure things out.  I know it's going to be tough but I believe you can get past this.	labels:I'm heart broken and saddest man on earth right now.	episode_done:True
text:hello. I have a real pickle of a problem.\nI'm sorry to hear that, can you tell me what it is? .	labels:I am depressed and all alone.
text:That's a hard situation to be in.  Are you isolating due to the pandemic? .	labels:I have been isolated for 2 years now ever since my wife decided to sneak out in the middle of the night and run away.
text:That's really rough.  It sounds like you did not get to have any closure whatsoever. .	labels:yeah what a peach she was, at least she didnt murder me like my brother did to my mom.
text:There's a lot of dark stuff happening in and around your life.  Do you have any things that you like to do on your own that calm you down?	labels:drinking is the only thing that takes the pain away.
text:I have definitely been there. .	labels:everytime I say it cant get any worse I get a new illness.
text:It must seem like things are just piling on.  Booze does this crazy thing where we think it's making things easier, but it's really making things 10x harder.  10x harder to process emotions, 10x harder to find the motivation, 10x harder to believe you are worth the effort to keep moving. .	labels:all I have to look forward to is fighting for pennies on mturk all day, who would ever countinue if thats all they had.
text:I think you could give the booze a break for a week, and see if you may see things in a different light.  Zero judgment from me btw, I am also clearly on mturk, and I quit drinking in April after ten years of heavy heavy drinking.  Almost lost my marriage to it.  It's not easy, and I'm not preaching, but I am saying it was the best thing I could do to begin to improve my life and my health, mental and physical. .	labels:wait till everything is taken away from you and your left with nothing and noone and see how you feel then, it might be time for a drink.
text:I'm really sorry you're feeling this poorly.  If you could be doing anything at all right now, what would it be? .	labels:riding a motorcyle. just one more thing I will never get to do again.
text:Oh shit I am so terrified of riding motorcycles. Why can't you ride motorcycles any more?.	labels:poverty.
text:Ah, so you can still physically ride one!  Your life isn't over, you are still breathing, you will ride a motorcycle again. .	labels:i was riding a motorcyle next to my brother about two years before he murdered our mom, got hit by a car and nearly died. santa is bringing money this year?
text:Maybe you could rent one.	labels:or I could just steal one. I would rather meet a woman that isnt a coocoo bird.
text:Maybe there are other alternative modes of transportation you could take up.	labels:well my car is about to die so it will be walking soon.
text:Perhaps you'll meet someone on the bus?	labels:going over how horrible everything is for me all day has been a real treat. that one really made me laugh.
text:You didn't seem to be responding to actual solutions so I thought a joke might help :-)	labels:there arent really any solutions, nothing women like more then a creepy guy talking to you on the bus.
text:You could be a peer-supporter instead of a seeker, you wouldn't have to talk about your personal stuff, and it's actually been kind of nice to just give people some advice in a vacuum.	labels:I tried but I kept failing the test. I have got so much going for me, If only the volcano hadnt come and destroyed what little I had left.
text:That's horrible that happened to you, but don't you believe in yourself? .	labels:no not really, nothing to believe in.
text:You should, you said yourself that you have got so much going for you. .	labels:that was sarcasm, one of my only friends.
text:Ah I see.	labels:well I tortured you enough. thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I am currently going through a bad breakup with my boyfriend. Hello.\nI'm so sorry to hear that.  How is that affecting you? I'm so sorry to hear that.  How is that affecting you?	labels:I am pretty sad about it and the entire situation.
text:I'm so sorry that you feel sad about the situation. .	labels:Thanks. I am focused on moving on and figuring my life out, but I feel like it's causing me to neglect other important aspects of my life.
text:What makes you think you are neglecting other important aspects in your life?	labels:I am also a student in my Masters program, and I haven't been paying attention as closely as I was before.
text:That sounds difficult.  You sound like a strong person still persevering in your Masters even through this difficult time even if you can't pay attention as closely as before.	labels:It is difficult. I am trying hard but I have been having a tough time, especially now that I have been searching for a new place to live.
text:I remember a bad breakup too where I wasn't sure how the future would go.  It can be scary not knowing what will come. It sounds like having a Master's degree can really help you be independent though.	labels:Yes I hope so and I hope I can get through this program.
text:I had to repeat a class and it took an extra year to finish my graduate school.  The feeling of accomplishment and grit I developed made a huge difference though in my future abilities to cope with major stresses.  You too will come out stronger.	labels:Yeah that's somewhat of the boat I'm now in. I just want to finish and create a new life but I have to reassess and make new goals.
text:That sounds like a great plan.  You sound like a very motivated person getting a masters degree is so difficult and you are working toward it. You will do well.  I wish you all the best.	labels:Thank you so much and thank you for the encouraging words.
text:Perhaps there is a counselor at school that could help you with reworking through some of your goals?	labels:Yes there may be. I have to look into it.
text:There may be other students as well who are going through the same things as you that you could chat with.	labels:That's a good idea. I need to talk with people who understand and who just won't tell me to get over it.
text:Absolutely.  I think things will turn around for you.  You have a lot going for you and are very intelligent. .	labels:Thank you so much. I hope so! I know this will pass.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How is your evening?\nHello, I am doing well, thank you for asking :-)  What can I help you with tonight?.	labels:I’m feeling pretty down and angry..
text:I'm sorry to hear that.  Is there a particular issue that you are upset about?	labels:My girlfriend broke up with me..
text:That's a really rough situation to deal with, your emotions are totally understandable. .	labels:I’m feeling so down. Especially why she broke up with me..
text:What was the reason she gave for breaking up with you? .	labels:She is black and I’m white. It was tough on the relationship..
text:Cultural differences can be insurmountable obstacles in a relationship for some people.	labels:I know but our synergy was amazing. I miss her so much. That skin drove me crazy!
text:Getting over the good parts of a relationship can be hard.  For some reason our brains like to obsess over the good parts like they were the only part of the relationship, and ignore all of the problems. .	labels:That is deep.  I just need to do things to get my mind off of her..
text:Taking up an exercise you like can be helpful.  You can work on yourself and blow off steam.	labels:That’s a good idea. I might do yoga too..
text:Know also that you will find someone new when it's right, and that you will create a new synergy with that new person.  We don't ever love anyone the same way twice. .	labels:You are making me feel better. That is very true. I may just casual date for now.. I might take a trip to Jamaica..
text:That sounds like fun!  Whatever you do, take care of your heart.	labels:What do you think.	episode_done:True
text:How could my partner say he loves me, go out with me for one year and then cheat.\nI'm sorry to hear about that, have you discussed how it made you feel with your partner?	labels:Yes, but he barely calls me back.  I'm worried that he all of a sudden is so distant.
text:If it were entirely up to you how would you like your relationship to proceed from here?	labels:I would ideally like him to say he was sorry and never look at another woman but now I doubt his faithfulness and think the only reason I'm with him is because I'm so lonely.
text:It sounds like you worry you will not be able to trust him in the future because of this no matter what his future actions are, do you think there is anything he could do or say that would change this?	labels:I do worry a lot.  If he would commit fully to me that would help perhaps.  If he never cheated again but I don't know if he can do that reliably.
text:What would you define as full commitment from him?.	labels:I think marriage, but then again if he cheats then what commitment is that really if it ends in divorce?
text:That's true and divorce can be expensive. You mentioned before that you feel like you are with him mostly because you are lonely, is that how your relationship started?	labels:That's a good point you make.  I was lonely and wanting to fill that void.  But, I do want a family.  I'm just not sure he is that committed or even mature enough to handle this responsibility. Perhaps I'm naive.
text:I don't think you are naive, you are clearly asking yourself the right questions about building a future with him.	labels:Thanks for the encouragment. .
text:Do you have friends and family around that could help distract you from the loneliness until you find someone you are comfortable starting a family with?	labels:Maybe that would be a good plan as I am close with my family.  Thanks!
text:Of course! There also probably community resources where you can meet new people and explore new interests! Unfortunately I think a lot of that might have to wait til Covid passes.	labels:Thanks that might be another suggestion to consider. .
text:Of course! Anything else on your mind you would like to discuss?	labels:When will this COVID ever end?  It's even hard to find new partners.
text:I know, I've heard some people have found success with zoom dates.	labels:That may just work.  That's not much pressure either.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening :-)  What can I help with you with tonight? .	labels:just graduated university and my parents are pressuring me to pursue becoming a doctor.
text:Oof, that is a very difficult situation.  I'm sorry you're going through that.  How do you feel about it? .	labels:I'm angry. I just want to be done school. but parents are on my butt about it.
text:What do your parents say when/if you tell them you want to be done with school? .	labels:they get mad at me and say they are dissapointed. I want to travel and see the world. not more schooling.
text:That's not a fair thing for them to say to their child.  I will say that there are academic programs that combine travel and credits, but you probably know that already.  And I don't think you should have to compromise anyway..	labels:They won't take a compromise. parents are stubborn. What should i do? please parents or pursue my passion?
text:I cannot tell you what to do exactly, but I would encourage you to fulfill yourself before anyone else's dictation of your life. .	labels:Yeah i'm leaning that. i already graduated university. i fulfilled half of their dream.  you think telling them my honest opinion will be a good idea?
text:I think you need to be prepared for them to not be happy with your honest opinion, but that just because they aren't happy with it doesn't mean it's wrong. .	labels:thanks great advise. i will definitely be prepapred. i don't care if i dissapoint them. it's my life not theres. i'll live with the consequences.
text:Keep in mind that from their point of view, they want the best for you because they love you, so try not to burn the bridge or salt the earth.  I had a rocky relationship with my dad after college too, but it's better now.  They will survive, and you will thrive. .	labels:Thank you. yeah i get that. but they should be happy for me. They cant make decisions for me all the time. let me free!!!
text:That feeling is totally understandable, I felt the same way.  They need to let you find your own way, it's apart of growing up.	labels:Thank you. at least someone agrees with me.  Do i have the right to be angry at them?
text:The anger is understandable, but I think it is slightly misplaced as they are not trying to hurt you.  You are frustrated by their lack of understanding and their judgement of your choices, but you and they are both attempting to solve the same problem of your happiness. .	labels:Good advice. you are great at this.
text:That's very kind of you to say, thank you :-)	labels:Thank you for the great talk. im not as angry anymore. will take there feelings into consideration.
text:You are a great listener and have a lot of passion, I think you will be successful for sure.	labels:Thanks have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi How are you this evening?	labels:Hi. I'm okay at the moment, how are you?
text:I am doing great! Would you like to talk about anything that may be bothering you. I have a some time and would love to listen to you if you would like to share anything. Are you there?	labels:Just feeling really bad lately. Like nothing I do is enough. Like I'm not a good mom to my kids. Like nothing I do is right.
text:I can understand how you feel like you are worthless. However, I know for a fact you are NOT worthless. You were created with a purpose and a plan and God doesn't make Mistakes.. I apologize I mean no disrespect just sharing my personal belief.	labels:It's fine, no need to apologize.
text:Have you had any chance for ME Time where husband friend or family could watch your kids and give mommy a break.  I Know I know its hard with Covid but lets pretend Covid isn't here. Maybe lock the door watch a tv movie show if you have tv in bedroom or send kids outside if old enough or take a bubble bath after they are in bed. since Covid time . After Covid than you can go out with friends go see a movie you wanted to see maybe or go get your hair nail done.. What do you like to do just for fun. How long have you been feeling worthless or under appreciated.	labels:My children's father is in jail right now and even if he wasn't, I wouldn't be comfortable leaving them with him for any period of time. They're five and one, so they don't go outside without me. I don't have too many people I can leave them with. Everyone I know works and is busy with their lives, I feel guilty asking them. For a long time, even before my ex left us.
text:Oh my ! I can fully understand how you feel protective of your children and guilty for asking others for help. I can tell just from what you wrote you are a GREAT mom and doing amazing job.. You definitely have your hands full. It sounds like because you have no help you have to do it all and you feel like you can't cope so to speak.	labels:Yes, I do and thank you. It's so hard. I never thought I would be doing it by myself and sometimes I feel like I have no idea what I'm doing and that what I am doing is wrong.
text:but my goodness one mom to another you are only one person and give yourself some slack.. YOu are doing two peoples job.. Its not that you are worthless its just stress causing you to put yourself down.	labels:Sometimes, I feel like I'm losing my mind.
text:It is so HARD being a single parent and Im sure kids miss their dad or maybe not but I am sure they put pressure on to be both parents .  They are young and as long as you truly do your best and sometimes that means taking care of you so you can be the best , you are only one person and the kids when older will appreciate all that you did . Keep the faith.	labels:They do ask about him sometimes and I tell them that he can't come and see us right now, but for the most part, I don't think they even notice. They definitely notice when he is around, and then they get upset when he leaves.
text:Yes I can imagine it would be for all of you.  It just confuses them and brings up feelings..	labels:Yes, it does. I'm not sure if those feelings are good or bad. He wasn't really here all that much before he officially left so by the time he did, they were used to him being gone.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhi, how are you doing?  Would you like to discuss anything today?	labels:I am good. How are you?
text:Good also, what would you like to discuss?	labels:I am having a little bit of conflict with my parents. I want to pursue psychology major while they want me to do business so I can help my brother's business in the future. They feel I am letting them down.
text:It sound like you are feeling very overwhelmed and unsupported by your parents.	labels:Yes. I have no idea how to explain to them. but at the same time I do not want to let them down.
text:I have felt this way too, perhaps sit down with them and your brother and talk the situation out..	labels:My brother is out of the country right now. and my parents are not willing to listen to me at the moment.
text:Perhaps you can write a letter to your parents.	labels:my parents are her. With me. my brother is out of country.
text:Does your brother want your help?	labels:not right now, but he wants me to in the future.
text:Then perhaps tell him you do not want to help him, that you have the right to pursue your own dreams.	labels:Yes I was thinking myself to have a full on conversation with him and explained him that just like he has the right I have the right as well. I am pretty sure if he understand then my parents will too.
text:Sounds like that is a great plan. .	labels:Thank you so much for listening to me and explaining me! I really appreciate your helo. help*
text:your welcome.	labels:I hope you have a good day.
text:same to you. bye.	labels:Bye. bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening :-)  How are you tonight?	labels:I’m ok. I’m just calming down..
text:That's good that you're calming down but were you previously upset?	labels:I got into a major blowout with my parents..
text:That's really rough, I'm sorry to hear that. .	labels:I’m just so upset. They don’t approve of my girlfriend..
text:And they would like you to break up with her?	labels:Oh definitely..
text:It's complicated when parents want input into their child's relationships.  That is really explosive stuff. .	labels:I’m not giving in. I really like her and she is soooo hot..
text:Are you going to have to be around your parents soon after this? .	labels:Yes I will be. Just because she is black, they don’t approve..
text:Oof, I see.  I can understand you being upset by that, it's a silly reason to disapprove.  Was the blowout in any way productive or just angry?	labels:Just angry. I’m not sure what to do..
text:I don't know that this problem will be solved with one single choice or conversation.  Do you live with your parents?	labels:I do not. I was thinking of having my girlfriend move in with me..
text:Ah, well then their opinion of your romantic relationships is 100% irrelevant.	labels:I guess but I don’t want to not have them in my life. But  have I mentioned how hot my girlfriend is? Lol. So hot and dark. Yummy..
text:There's not an easy way to get people to let go of those kinds of beliefs.  Yes, you did mention that, haha.  Physical attraction is awesome but perhaps not the best basis to move someone in with you :-)	labels:Maybe not but it will be fun..	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I have a big exam coming up and I am very afraid of not doing well.\nWell I can help you study if you'd like?	labels:How are you going to help me study? I am not sure if you are familiar with my course material...
text:What is your exam about? Plus you have a whole night to study!	labels:My exam is about contract law. I have the whole night, but I have studied all day and am exhausted.
text:I have an idea, do you have any friends in the same course or know anyone that is familiar with that subject? If so, maybe you can communicate with them and they can break it down in a short version.	labels:Wow, that's actually a really good idea. I have a friend who took the course last year but I am worried that if I ask her for help she will think poorly of me.
text:Don't worry I know you feel exhausted from studying all day, but she is your friend and friends have each others back especially for school work. You don't have much to lose, go ahead and give it a shot.	labels:That is true. I will reach out to her now..
text:I'm sure you will do just fine, you can do it!	labels:I still have some self-doubt given that I have failed an exam in the past....
text:Well studies show that if you continuously think negatively, than that is how your life will be lived. But if you try thinking positively and confident than you will more likely live a better life and do better. Try thinking positively the rest of the night and your brain will feel confident enough to remember and retain important information about your exam.	labels:I really appreciate this advice. I am feeling better about the exam and feel like I should envision myself passing and doing well..
text:Yes, thats the spirit it works for me!	labels:I will give it a try!
text:Okay is there anything else I can help you with or should I let you go?	labels:No, I should go study now. thank you for your help.
text:Of course anytime, have a goodnight!	labels:You too!. Wait! I have another concern.
text:Yes, what is that?	labels:Do you have any tips for staying cool under pressure while I am taking my exam?
text:Yes I do actually. First make sure you get a good nights sleep so your brain can rest and function at its best. Next get to class a little early so you have time to soak up the energy in the room and you get a sense of your surroundings. Take it easy and do not rush. Just one question at a time, next thing you know its over.	labels:That is great advice. I will certainly try and get a good night of rest.
text:Great anything else?	labels:Nope :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am sad. I wish my partner would have a better job. I wish I could have an extra $500 a week to survive. I have three children who depend on me too. The pandemic is making work hard as there is not enough work. Everything is so expensive too. I need money to buy groceries and basic needs. I worry for my children. This is not their fault yet they are suffering. What would you do? How are you?
text:I can imagine how difficult money can be during the pandemic as I had trouble looking for good jobs too.	labels:Thank you!
text:If I were in your situation, I would probably seek out nonprofit organizations that provide basic supplies look food.	labels:That is a good idea.
text:I would also apply for unemployment if I were out of a job.	labels:I have a job but it is minium wage. I am still looking everyday for more work. This is nice to have someone to talk to.
text:You are doing your best. And I agree. It's always good to get your feelings out there. Do you have a support system like friends or family or a counselor?	labels:Thank you. The older we get, the more anxiety builts up as we know consequences not like when we were kids. I have my friends but I don't like to discuss money.
text:I totally get what you are saying. Adulting is difficult. Do you think it would help to talk about your money issues with your friends?	labels:I do mturk to help. It's not a lot but it can buy a loaf of bread which is nice. Yes being an adult is difficult, but life is hard in general.
text:Have you tried using scripts like hit forker and jr panda crazy? They are basically extensions that help to pick up the higher paying hits for you. I use it myself and it's very helpful! There are lots of Youtube videos that show you how to use them.	labels:I've never heard of it and I don't know what that is. Thank you I will look into it. I do surveys on swagbucks and that earns gift cards. its not a lot, but still anything helps.
text:You are very welcome! You could also try going to temp agencies to find employment. They typically set you up with work that you can start almost immediately if not immediately.	labels:You give great advice!
text:I try. I was working at a bookstore at minimum wage for 2 years so I totally understand where you are coming from and had coworkers that also had kids. The best advice I can give is to continue to put yourself out there and take opportunities as they come even if they are short term because the more experience you have, the easier it is to find a better job even during the pandemic.	labels:thumbs up.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening :-)  How are you doing this evening? .	labels:Hi. I have been better..
text:I'm really sorry to hear that.  What are you going through? .	labels:I’m just feeling blue lately. .
text:That is understandable, things are very uncertain for a lot of people.  Do you have specific things you are worried about or is it a general feeling of dysphoria?  .	labels:I’m worried about the pandemic mostly. I’m feeling anxious and alone..
text:Yes, the pandemic is a scary and unprecedented ongoing event that is hard to process.  Have you been isolating for a long time? .	labels:I have. It’s been awhile since I have seen my family. I haven’t seen much of my friends either..
text:It's good that you're reaching out here for some support!  Are you able to communicate with them via other means, text or Facetime/Zoom?	labels:I do but it’s not the same. I’m just feeling lonely and sad. Watching these radicals and liberals is not helping me either..
text:Taking a social media and news break could be a good idea.  Sometimes it gets to feeling like we have to keep reading about the horrors of the world or else we are not doing anything at all.	labels:I like your advice. I’m definitely cutting back on the social media. It just adds to my anxiety and depression..
text:When I get anxious and overloaded by everything that's happening, I like to watch pottery videos.  They're so soothing. . And personally, I really like long baths and taking care of my skin.  Being in water is physiologically calming, and having smooth skin makes me feel taken care of. .	labels:Yum. Sounds nice 🤪. I wish my pool was open..
text:I try to stay engaged with my friends and family via text as much as I can.  Even though it's not the same, it's something, and we have to maintain our connections.	labels:I hear you. Thanks for the great advice. I wish I wasn’t alone though..
text:Being alone is a tough situation, but you can take care of your brain and your heart by giving them a break from the chaos.	labels:You are right. I think I will just focus on me and my mental health..
text:You have an awesome attitude, I know you can do it :-)	labels:Thanks 😊.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nGood evening, how are you?	labels:I'm good.
text:What can I help you out with tonight?	labels:I'm a little nervous about accepting the project from my friend.
text:That sounds like a complicated situation.	labels:it is.
text:Is the project something you will become responsible for?	labels:to a degree.
text:Is that a responsibility you want to have, or is it a burden that is being thrust upon you?	labels:both.
text:Well, I think if it's truly a responsibility you want, you will work to live up to it as best you can. .	labels:I will. It's the best thing for me to do at the moment. I'm very much needed.
text:That's excellent, not many people can say that!  It's starting to sound more and more like an opportunity for you to prove yourself :-)	labels:It will be to say the least. I might have to deal with people I don't like and who don't like me.
text:That's an unfortunate part of most group projects, I hate to say.  Interpersonal communication can be so hard.  I have been a project manager in the past, and found that you have to consider Person XYZ did not wake up in the morning and decide to make your life harder. . And as long as you can keep things polite and professional, everyone gets to go home separately, thankfully!  Haha.	labels:That's a good point! lol.
text:Foster the people around you that can provide you support, be a reliable producer and leader, and you will find that those that don't like you will move on.  And, most importantly, you can only control how you respond/behave.  If someone wants to instigate conflict, that will reflect poorly upon them. .	labels:So avoid them if they get hostile with me?
text:You can only engage with what abuse and hostility you accept.  If you smile in response, it will make you feel better than if you internalize their aggression. .	labels:True.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you?\nHello, I am well.  What can I help you with this evening?	labels:I’m feeling pretty down in the dumps..
text:Are you upset about a specific issue or is it a general feeling of "blue"?	labels:I broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for over two years..
text:That's a really hard experience to go through, I'm sorry you are having to go through that. That's a really hard experience to go through, I'm sorry you are having to go through that.	labels:Thanks. I’m trying to keep myself busy. Any suggestions?
text:I had a bad break-up a few years ago, and took it very easy on myself for a few weeks afterward.  I let myself eat whatever I wanted, and have what physical comforts I could find while my mind and my heart healed. I tried to avoid alcohol, because that will just increase depression and anxiety. .	labels:Good idea. I thought about dating again. Do you think it is too soon? True..
text:I think you are the only person who can decide when you are ready to start dating again, but I would encourage you to try to keep it light and casual at first.	labels:Great advice. Casual dating is a good idea. Don’t want to get attached right now..
text:Strengthen yourself and your boundaries and pursue your interests.  I got into boxing and it's a great way to get in shape and have an emotional release. .	labels:I took up running and yoga. I stopped going to the gym. What else did you do?
text:I rehabbed a bunch of my houseplants.  I had some really sad looking pothos plants and I started reading about how to revitalize them. . I got them healthy enough to start a second generation from cuttings, and it was such simple, calm work, it was almost like meditation..	labels:That is interesting. I will look into that! I just want to keep my mind off of the break up..
text:That is totally understandable, and I think you can do it. .	labels:She not worth this trouble any way. I’ll find someone better!
text:You will find someone that will be a better fit, that is to be sure. .	labels:Definitely. I may just hook up  in the meantime..
text:That could be fun and validating for you!  It's always nice to get some attention.	labels:Oh yeah!	episode_done:True
text:Hello :-)	labels:Hi.
text:How are you doing?	labels:Today hasn't been too bad.
text:Anything you need to talk about?	labels:Lately I have been having trouble sleeping.
text:That's very common is there anything that has change that doesn't allow you to sleep?	labels:Since I lost my job quite a few months ago I've not been able to sleep as well.
text:Yes that has been a big stressor for many. I sometimes find myself having trobule to fall asleep. So I make sure my room is dark and think about something relaxing..	labels:I think my problem is I think too much :-(
text:no tv, cell phones etc. a hot shower before bed might help.. When you can not shut your mind down it will prevent you from thinking and so I will actually to clear my head just think of something relaxing or enjoyable..	labels:I guess I can try that.
text:Try to make sure the room is dark and for whatever reason they say a glass of warm milk too but I never had to try that, just relaxing thoughts and a dark room and a fan idk..	labels:Why a fan?
text:the sound of the fan can be relaxing for me idk why.	labels:okay.
text:sometimes white noise helps or the sounds of frogs on an app idk why but that works for some people too. The important thing is find something that works and relaxes your mind from thinking too much if you can..	labels:Frogs huh? I don't think that would sound relaxing. Haha.
text:a running river or something that is tranquil to you and frogs work for some people or crickets idk why lol..	labels:Interesting.	episode_done:True
text:hello. hello are you there?	labels:Hi yes I am here.
text:How has life been going for you?	labels:It's somewhat hard, how about you?
text:I its been quite tough for us all with the Covid 19 chaos.	labels:Yeah, it really is. I'm sorry to hear that..
text:Anything you would like to talk about as to why things been going so rough for you? Has Covid 19 affected you or your family?	labels:Its hard being isolated and living alone.
text:You dont have friends or company that comes to visit? I know going through tough times can have you feeling alone.	labels:yeah it is hard thanks for asking. i hope that you are doing alright.
text:I am doing what I love to do most which is helping others because it makes me feel better to help others if I can.	labels:That's good to hear. I'm glad that you have something.
text:I have something to look forward to everyday I can help someone vent about things they feel that they are unable to say out of fear of being judged or frowned upon or as you might say is rough about your life.	labels:Yeah I can see how that would help, something to look forward to.
text:finding what make one happy can be a big job. you stay positive and you are sure to get positive results!	labels:that makes sense, thanks!
text:you are very welcome.	labels:I hope you have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello! My name is Joe. It's nice to meet you! How are you doing today?	labels:Really am not feeling well, am not able to handle my stress.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that! Is there anything specific going on that is stressing you out?	labels:covid 19.
text:It sounds to me like COVID-19 in general is causing you a lot of stress. Does this sound accurate to you?	labels:yes because of my age and low immunity level.
text:I also have a compromised immune system, so I understand where you're coming from. All of this has been very scary.	labels:yes moreover i am living alone, for my job and needs i need to take care of myself.
text:I know it's tough, but I believe that if we all keep working together and talking through our feelings, we can make it through this!	labels:But when i see social media and News every day it increasing my stress level.
text:I live alone as well and also need to take care of myself. It can be so hard at times. I found that spending less time on social media and less time watching the news has helped my anxiety level to an extent. I don't think you should completely stop listening to what's going on as it's important to stay informed, but for me, limiting the amount of time that I spend engaging in these activities really helped. Have you thought about limiting how much time you spend tuning into news sources and especially on social media? I know it's hard because there isn't much to do.	labels:yes but what can i do if am not spending time on it. there is not much option now i can't go out also.
text:Have you considered spending your time engaging in other hobbies? I've been doing a lot of arts and crafts (one in particular called diamond painting that can be ordered directly from Amazon) and also reading novels that I can also have delivered right to my door. This also prevents me from having to go out in public. Talking to me about how you're feeling is a great start! I'm proud of you for being open and honest about what's going on in your head. It's very easy for people to get stuck inside of their own minds right now. Another suggestion I've been mentioning to others suffering from the mental stressors that COVID-19 is causing is considering speaking to an outpatient/occupational therapist. Is this something you'd be willing to consider?	labels:Thanks that was good idea better keep away myself from social media for a while. thanks for your support.
text:You're welcome! I'm more than happy to provide any help that I can. I'd also very highly recommend finding hobbies that you enjoy, even if arts and crafts or reading aren't your thing. Can you think of anything else that would help you to keep your mind off everything going on? I've also found that guided meditation (you can find a lot of these for free on YouTube) helps to calm my mind down at night and allows me to get a really good night's sleep.	labels:thanks.
text:You're very welcome! I hope that some of the things that I suggested help you to get through all of this. It seems as though you're feeling very similar to how I've been feeling.	labels:yes.
text:How has the weather been where you are? Sometimes, just getting outside for a brief walk alone or even just for a few minutes to get some fresh air can really be helpful.	labels:sanjose.
text:I found a few months ago that the more time I spent watching the news and following COVID-19, the more depressed and anxious I got. I decided that I'd spend 30 minutes twice per week catching up on what's going on in my local area and around the globe. Other than that, I try not to focus on it as much as I can. Wow, it must be beautiful there! I'm in Pennsylvania.	labels:that would help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:Hi. How are you?
text:Doing good and yourself?	labels:I’ve been better. Just got into a major argument with my parents..
text:That can be tough can  you tell me what the argument was about?	labels:They don’t agree with the girl I have been dating..
text:So, why do you think they think that?	labels:Because of her race. She is black..
text:I can see why you would be upset about that. So, that is the only reason they don't approve. At this point when they are not as upset you may want to share all the reason she a great girlfriend. If it is based totally on race not sure you can change their minds..	labels:You are right. But I’m afraid it is solely based on race. She is such a great person. I wish they could look past her race..
text:I completely understand that and if you really like her and they see how happy she makes you maybe they will come around..	labels:I hope so. But they are old school. I just lost my cool..
text:I would be upset too so, it's understandable.  Just reassure them you love them and your happy and hopefully one day they will be happy with your decesion. If not then it is your decesion who you date and I think they know that too..	labels:Have you dated interracial?
text:Yes  I have and my parents did not approve either. Eventually my parents came around and most likely yours will too..	labels:What race was it? What did you do?
text:It was in highschool I dated a black man after I became an adult they didn't say much about who I dated and I countinued to date the person and it ended when he went in the miltary and I went to college not at first but it was the distance thing..	labels:Interesting. My girl is black. I hope they come around too..
text:Most likely they will if she makes you happy they will see that :-)	labels:You have been a great help!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you?\nGood how are you doing?	labels:I’ve had better days..
text:Sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about it?	labels:I definitely would if you are willing to listen..
text:I would be willing to do that.	labels:I recently broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for two years. Just feeling blue..
text:Break ups are the worst and feeling blue is totally understandable. .	labels:I just need to do things to keep my mind off of it I guess..
text:Reflection is important but healing and moving on which will take a little time is also important :-)..	labels:You are so right. Any ideas on what I should do?
text:Yes distraction is really good like taking up a new interest or reading a good book something like that. Any friends you can hang out with?.	labels:I love reading. I might do just that. I have friends but with this pandemic it is hard to get together with them..
text:Yes this pandemic has really been hard on social interaction and a good book you can be great distraction..	labels:I will do that. I might try some yoga..
text:I am a Yogi Bear too and that is great for relaxation we did the angry dog and we barked lol in class yesterday. We meet outside in the park even finding a remote space in a park might do some good you never know.	labels:Lol. That is awesome. I already feel calm!
text:Perfect :-).	labels:How long you been doing yoga?	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, what can i help today?	labels:I am going through a bad breakup.
text:I am sorry to hear that, when did it happen?	labels:This month. We've been together off and on for over 17 years.
text:It must be heart broken for you. Have you talked to each other at all after it happend?	labels:Yeah. We still live together but I am working on moving out.
text:Did you talk to your friends about this? Maybe they can offer some advice as they know you best.	labels:My best friends support me in this and know what I am going through. It's just really painful.
text:It is understandable to feel that way. I agree it's best to move out, you won't be able to move on if you still see each other. Have you considered seeing a therapist?	labels:I am working on that too after I move out. I've needed to get back into therapy for a while.
text:I suggest reaching out to your friends and try to distract yourself with activities that you want but haven't been able to do.	labels:I plan to do that and enjoy more time with my dog..
text:Having a dog as companion right now is perfect. If you can, take your dog on a short trip somewhere, preferably in the nature.	labels:My best friend lives a few hours away so after we get settled, I'm hoping to go see them. It's been a few years. Thank you for helping me out and all of your suggestions.
text:I agree,I think how you look at the situation is important. Yes it's terrible, no one dares to say this is a blessing event. However, you can look at it differently, this is your chance to live for yourself and improve as a person.	labels:Thank you for that. I really needed that.
text:I'm glad I could help.	labels:Thank you for your time and everything. I hope you are well and you have a great day/night/week!
text:you too!	labels:I really feel so much better now. You made me feel not alone in this!.	episode_done:True
text:How are you feeling today?	labels:tired. and u?
text:It seems like an exhausting time for a lot of people right now. I'm also a bit tired but doing OK. What's been on your mind recently?	labels:just trying to finish this semester.
text:It seems like a stressful time to be in college. How have you been coping with everything going on?	labels:listening to music.
text:Nice!  What kind of music do you like?	labels:mainly hip hop and r&b but I dabble in some alternative, hyperpop, and edm.
text:I also like hip hop and r&b.  It's too bad we aren't able to go to any live music events for a while, though.	labels:yea. have u done any of the virtual concerts?
text:I've seen them advertised but I haven't tried any of them yet.  I think I saw there was a Lil Nas X one coming up though, might check that out.  Have you done any?	labels:yea the travis scott one and the nas one just happened yesterday. think there is only one showing left today then theyre done. it was ok nothing amazing.
text:Oh good to know.  Yeah, I don't know if virtual concerts can ever really compare to live ones.	labels:whos some of your favorite artists?
text:Well, I'm in my 30s so I like the artists who were big about the time I was in high school/college since I have fond memories of that.  So, artists like Nelly, 50 cent, Eminem.  Also I'm from California so I have to say Tupac. What about you?	labels:I love those guys too. Need to listen to more of their discographys though. My favorites are kendrick lamar and kanye west. 15 mins past. I guess we're done.
text:Oh yeah, Kendrick is awesome and makes actual meaningful music.  Kanye also is super talented, sadly he seems to have his issues, but don't we all! It was great talking to you :)  Nice to find someone with shared music tastes.  Hope you have a great rest of ur weekend and good luck with finishing your semester!	labels:yea I dont agree with some of kanye's ideology but hes still extremely talented. you too.	episode_done:True
text:Things have much worse the last couple weeks.\nIt seems like things have not be great for you over the past couple of weeks. Why do you feel they have been worse?	labels:I had been seeing a therapist online and two weeks ago he was really mean, but said he thought it was a good session and we were making a breakthrough. Then when I signed on last week I signed in to request entrance into the meeting and after a few moments was told it was denied. Nothing like feeling the person who is paid to help you refusing to talk to you.
text:That seems like a frustrating experience. What were your expectations of the session you were supposed to have? Did you feel like what you learned in your previous session would have helped you with dealing with what you typically work on in your mental health sessions?	labels:I feel like he didn't help at all. Up to that point we mostly just talked about politics or whatever. I'm a charity patient, he get's paid through the organization, but because of my financial difficulties, I'm not paying. I think he saw that as a shortcoming on my part.
text:I think that is definitely one way to look at it. But another way to look at your situation is you figured out a therapist who isn't worth seeing. That brings you one step closer to finding one who does actually help you. All you need to do now, is do some research and find someone who has your best interest in mind. Believe me, there are great therapists and terrible therapists. You just need to find one of the good ones now.	labels:I'm not sure I can find another who I don't have to pay. My insurance has a $20 copay and if I had to pay that I wouldn't be able to buy groceries. This came through my religious organization and he was the only one available in my area. I guess I just have to find another way to cope.
text:If you have financial issues and you need the help from a therapist you deserve the treatment. One thing you can do is apply for Medicaid and EBT. The state you live in will give you money to pay for groceries and to get help from a therapist for free if you don't have a high enough income. It may be worth looking into because all you really need to do is fill out some forms and likely you will be approved. When I was younger and struggling, this had happened to me and I received both of these benefits and it totally turned my life around. I think it can do the same for you as well..	labels:I'm on Medicare and supplemental insurance. I didn't know you can, possibly, see one for free. I'll look into that. That is helpful.
text:Sure thing. What are some of the coping strategies you've been practicing with your prior therapist?	labels:I asked him to help me with some but all he would say is that I should stop vaping (I switched from smoking some years ago). I told him it feels like I'm walking a tightrope and he's suggesting I get rid of the safety net without giving me something else, some other way to cope. He said that's not what a therapist is supposed to do and that my resistance shows I don't really want to change.
text:I can see how that comment he made would be frustrating. If you feel like vaping, you should continue to do; however, what happens if say you go somewhere and find yourself in a stressful position? What would be strategy you could use in order to recenter yourself? Strategies are important as they balance us when we experience stressors that through us off. Have you ever thought about meditation?	labels:I asked him about meditation and if he could recommend something. He wouldn't. I have only been able to do it successfully once, at the meditation gardens when I visited my son in San Diego some years back. Since I can't always get to that kind of natural setting, I was hoping he could give me some resources. Do you know of any place I can find some?
text:Oh yes. Me personally, I like to scour youtube and find an environment with a sound I enjoy such as the beach. When I listen to that sound, I try to put myself by closing my eyes while sitting on the floor and breathing deeply for some time. It may be worth a try for you. I hope it helps you. Good luck!	labels:That sounds like a good idea. I'll give that a try.
text:I wish you all the best!	labels:Thank you. You've been helpful.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:hello I am ok how are you?
text:I am well, what's on your mind?	labels:well as I stated above my father passed last year and now due to finances we need to move. I am out of work due to Covid19 it is hard moving not being able to support my family.
text:So sorry to hear about your plight.  Life is a roller coaster and sometimes it gets out of control, I hope things slow down so you can get things straightened out..	labels:thank you! I find myself so stressed then I get scared and depressed wondering what will the future hold will we be ok will we take another hit will I get sick will my Mother be ok .
text:I understand your concerns about being stressed, scared and depressed. The risk of family getting sick is certainly valid. .	labels:it keeps me up at night and I cant seem to get away form it even for a moment.
text:I too worry about things I feel I cannot control, the lack of sleep due to this just makes it worse so I try to think of positive things, but its hard..	labels:yes and its always in the back of my mind burning. Like don't be to happy because things are going to fail.
text:Its hard to stop those negative thoughts, but the first step is sharing your feelings with others and talking about it.  You are now on your way to healing..	labels:It does help to talk about it with someone who doesn't judge.
text:I can see in your words how stressed you are and troubled. .	labels:This whole covid thing makes it 10 times worse.
text:May I suggest that you seek some face to face support from a best friend or close family member..	labels:easier said then done I'm high risk so I have been social distancing.
text:Its still possible.  Social distancing, six feet away but in maybe your backyard or even a park away from others so you can talk with some degree of confidence that its private.  Just being around another person is so very supportive and positive. Please try..	labels:maybe but I need to be carful plus honest I dont want many people to know about my feelings.
text:True. Remember, you are not the only one facing these troubles, others are tackling it too.  Try also to google online support groups on Reddit and blogs for additional assistance and suggestions from those who faced it and succeeded.  Doing what others did to overcome it means not having to reinvent the whole process on your own. .	labels:maybe an online chat group.
text:That's the way to go.  Keep seeking help.  The right solution is there for you.  Now you have a plan to get started. .	labels:well I don't know if its a plan but an idea just knowing I'm not alone helps.
text:Yes, it a problem so many people are facing.. My own family members are facing this too. .	labels:yes I know and with covid so many are depressed stressed and sad.
text:I read a few articles on Psychology today website that might help you also.  They discuss how to control stress and overcome depression in this world of COVID.  Written by some doctors and they are free to read..	labels:thanks I will have to look online take your suggestion.
text:You are welcome.   You are on your way. .	labels:thank you for your kind words.
text:It was my pleasure..	labels:I will look online for the info you suggested I will see if maybe I can talk to a friend if we can do safely thanks again .	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello!	labels:How are you?
text:I'm fine. How are you? Is there any issue I can help you with?	labels:Yeah I'm really depressed. I just found out my buddy of 20 years is now posting that he believes Trump and that the election is being stolen from him. I thought I knew him but now I don't know.
text:That's a really tough thing to deal with. It can be hard to be confronted with a different, unexpected side from a trusted friend..	labels:And I had this guy as my best man for my wedding.
text:Perhaps you can try reasoning with him. I'm certain that your judgement in friendships is not flawed and although he has made quite the yikes choice, he still has redeemable qualities. Especially if he wasn't making his political viewpoint known until recently. It leans towards the idea that with the right information, he'll understand that Trump is a big loser and he lost lmao.	labels:I tried but he says that he's sick and tired of Facebook and Twitter putting a muzzle on Trump and ever since he's been on Parler he now knows the truth. It's like he doesn't believe science anymore.
text:Consider directing him to news sources that are not Twitter or Facebook, though I know this is hard to do. it is just a teensy bit funny he thinks that Trump is being muzzled on twitter when they are not deleting any of his tweets..	labels:Yeah he thinks it's wrong that Twitter is flagging his tweets and he's mad that Facebook are taking down these groups that he feels are telling the truth.
text:This seems like a very sudden reaction from him, from what I've gathered, seeing as how it took you by surprise. Is there anything going on his life that may have put him into a negative mindset? Perhaps he's having problems in a relationship or at work that is leading him to rabbit holes on the internet.	labels:He just got furloughed. Maybe like 3 weeks ago.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. He might be struggling with that and looking to shift his negative feelings onto another issue, one that has the support of many. It could be providing him comfort to be angry at the suppression of Twitter rather than coming to terms with his own turmoil. I think talking to him about his job status might be a start in reasoning his new outlook.	labels:I dunno. How do you think I should approach him about that? He's sort of touchy about the whole subject.
text:Gently. It's never a good idea to press the issue, especially if it seems like he's trying to avoid it..	labels:Yeah, it just seems whenever I try to chat about anything it just ends up in an agrument.
text:Perhaps you should implore the help of somebody else in his life. I understand wanting to help your friend, especially when it's negatively impacting your own mental health, but there's only so much one person can do. You both deserve to be in a good head space and asking for help is okay..	labels:Yeah I guess you're right. I suppose I can talk to his wife about it but I'm not sure how to bring it up.
text:I'm sure she might already be concerned as well. It might be easier than you expect. If he's consistently getting in arguments with you, it's likely that he's stuck in a negative haze and it might be affecting his other relationships..	labels:That's true but I don't want to make this more complicated that it should be. But I used to date his wife so I'm sure in his state of mind, how he would take it if it were the two of us bringing this up.
text:Try having a private conversation with her and don't ask her to talk to him, merely push her in that direction. It's less plotting and more seeing her point of view as well.	labels:Ok I see, good point. Anyway you gave me a lot to think about. I appreciate your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you?\nI am okay. How are you doing today?	labels:I’ve had better days..
text:What has happened?	labels:I’m having a hard time dealing with this pandemic..
text:I know a lot of people who are feeling this way.   It is a difficult time.	labels:I’m trying to make the best of it but having a hard time..
text:Why do you think you are struggling?	labels:I’m feeling isolated and missing my family and friends..
text:It sounds like you are feeling lonely. Is that right?	labels:Yes. Video calls are not the same..
text:I understand. Video calls can feel a bit less personal sometimes. Do you live alone?	labels:Unfortunately I do. Thus it contributes to the loneliness. And I work from home..
text:I see. So you aren't even getting that social contact at work really. Do you video chat to your family and friends regularly?.	labels:I do but I’m getting tired of video chatting.  It’s just not the same. It’s tough, especially with the holidays approaching..
text:I feel the same way. Having to keep in contact with friends through video has been difficult lately. I try to find something to do while we're chatting, like gaming or a quiz.	labels:Sounds good. Any ideas of what I can do to keep busy?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what can I help you today?	labels:My depressive feelings and how to deal with them in a way I can cope. hello by the way....:)
text:How long have you lived with depression?	labels:For two weeks now.
text:Do you have problem with sleeping, eating or daily activity because of it?	labels:I have never experienced depression until now. Yes. I work remotely and my concentration is way off. It is affecting my production at work. I'm not enthused about anything. I am eating less. My husband tries to comfort me and it feels good in the moment but goes away when I am alone.
text:It seems like you're confused as what to expect and react as I understand. Depression is tough to deal with. We can try to find a way to temporarily suppress it but ultimately, we need to find the cause and treat.	labels:I am not confused. I just need suggestions on overcoming a death like this. All my happiness is wrapped up in this corona virus.9 Friends, family, coworkers, outings.) How do you deal with death?
text:I cry, crying actually helps since it relieves the pain youhave to go through. After you cry, your body tends to be exhausted and you can just sleep without thinking. However, the best way to cope with death and depression in general is stay outdoor, be closed tothe nature.	labels:This is true and I have noticed that crying over this is something I have not done much. I do workout intensely 4 times a week but that has fallen off too. I do workout inside with a home gym. Maybe running outside wouls be more beneficial and help me feel closer spiritually towards her. I think I'm still shocked a little.
text:I have noticed that whenever I'm depressed, I feel better staying outdoor so try doing that more often. I understand. I also experience sudden lost a few years ago, I still haven't overcome completely but I now can be at ease thinking of him.	labels:I like these suggestions and I will try this! Thanks for great advice!
text:every emotion that you experience will be messy and confusing, but it's totally normal. Dealing with death is never easy.	labels:Your so right but I already feel better after chatting with you. Thanks again!
text:I'm gladd I could be help to you.	labels:Bye now!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello. I need some help.  I have been depressed.
text:How are you doing today? Do have anything on your mind? Oh i see, well we can talk about that if you like. Has anything happened recently to make you feel this way?	labels:I am not doing very well.  Very depressed with having to stay home because of the COVID-19/  I will appreciate anything you can do to help me.
text:It sounds like social isolation is really weighing on you...	labels:Yes, it sure is.  I feel so alone. I feel it will help to talk to an outsider.
text:Human being are social creatures by nature so please understand that the feelings that you are having are absolutely normal. So dont judge yourself or feel as if something is wrong with YOU.	labels:Sometimes it helps to a stranger - most of my friends feel as I do. I am sure you are right - I thank you for your support. .
text:You mentioned your friends feel the same way you do... Have you guys thought about making trying to do a zoom party?	labels:No, we haven't talked about that, but that is a great idea.  I will talk to them to see how they feel about doing this.  Thank you.
text:I have a group of sister friends and we threw a zoom party. we scheduled it out and we decorated our own spaces and we made a spotify playlist that everyone contributed a song to and basically just had a video party. Do you think your frinds may like to try that with you?	labels:I feel somewhat better just thin. I feel a little better now.  I look forward to talking with my friends about doing Zoom.
text:Be creative! Get silly! most important have fun! this is a hard year but its still a chance to make happy memories. Is there anything else on your mind?.	labels:I will.  Having fun is what I need in my life.  I know it's been a tough year for everyone. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
text:Im so glad that I could help you out! You have a great day too!	labels:Thank you.  My husband and  I are going to go for a ride later.  That will help.
text:Lovely!	labels:Thanks.  I am looking forward to gettng out for a while.	episode_done:True
text:Hi :)\nHiya! =) How are you doing, today?	labels:I'm feeling really stressed about university, to be honest. I'm really struggling to find motivation to complete my assignments. And it's stressing me out how little work I've completed even though deadlines are coming up.
text:I totally understand that. Which year are you in?	labels:I'm in my final year, having to juggle my dissertation with what feels like a million other assignments.
text:Oh goodness, I can't imagine how stressful that would be. I've only gotten my associates, and I found that last semester to be a slough. But what kept me going was the relief and joy I would feel once I had that diploma in hand. Are there any study groups or classmates you can get together with, and basically make a night of it?	labels:I don't really have any friends on the course, I'm pretty shy and don't really feel comfortable talking to anyone. I kinda promised myself to make more friends in my final year, but obviously circumstances have changed :/
text:Very true, this year made everyone's expectations and plans go out the window lol. It might be time to put yourself out of your comfort zone, but start small. Are there any clubs or groups associated with your major? That way, you have some common ground to work with.	labels:I'm honestly not sure, I guess I've always been too nervous to reach out to anyone. I'll have to have a look.
text:That sounds like a good idea =) Even if you can't hold club meetings on campus or have any gatherings, maybe they hold their meetings over video calls. One plus side to that, is that you don't need to have your camera on to participate.	labels:That's true. I also feel a bit nervous about my final grades, I've done well so far but just feel like this year might mess everything up.
text:That's understandable, especially with how the past year has been. Everyone is on edge and everything feels so uncertain, but that's okay, because you're not alone =) You said you're doing well so far? Take pride in that, and focus on that. "If I've been doing well so far, I must be doing something right. I'll just keep doing what I have been, and everything should work out in the end."	labels:Yeah, I am really proud of what I've done so far but it just makes me worry that I won't meet my own expectations.
text:We can be our own worst critics, and that's never been truer than when we're facing a challenge. Self-doubt can be such a pain, but when I find I'm having trouble believing in myself and working toward my goals, I'll focus on what I already accomplished, and that helps give me that extra push to keep going. I might be an internet stranger, but I'm proud of you, too. =) You've got one and a half semesters to go! You've got this! I believe in you! <3.	labels:Thank you, it's actually made me feel a lot better! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there. How are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing alright, and yourself?
text:I'm doing pretty well. Do you have anything going on today?	labels:Yeah I ended up going biking earlier and now I am doing school work. How about you? Do you have anything going on today?.
text:Oh biking is an excellent activity to do with everything going on. How are you feeling with it all? What are you studying in school? I'm just getting household chores done, nothing too exciting.	labels:I'm feeling alright. The current pandemic situation in my city has made it restricted to be with people other than immediate family so that's been tough. I'm currently studying finance and I'm loving it. I'm in my last year so I can't wait to finish that up.
text:I understand that it is really difficult to be kept on lockdown.. Are you biking regularly to help with the feeling of being stuck inside?	labels:Yes. It's great that my city has a program where we can get a bike pass for $99/year. There are bike stations set up all over my city so that has helped with my sense of being cooped up. It's really helpful in these times to find something to keep yourself productive and mindful that things are going to get better.
text:I agree, It's really great that you are finding ways to get out of the house.. Have you tried video chatting with the people you can't be around right now? That has really helped me not feel so alone right now.	labels:I have and that has helped for me as well. I also have a dog so that has helped me have the feeling of being around "someone" even though they're not human. I haven't video chatted anyone in quite some time though, I probably will do that later on today!
text:Well, I think it's great that you are finding things like biking, playing with your dog, and video chatting to help get you through these times. Lately, I've been focusing on self care a lot more to help with de stressing with everything going on. Have you tried this?	labels:I haven't tried that, I'll have to try something similar. I haven't been focusing on self care at all recently.
text:Self care is so important even when there isn't a pandemic. It can help you connect with yourself and make you feel less overwhelmed and just give you YOU time. Some of my favorite ways to do this is listening to podcasts, meditating and focusing on my breathing, listening to music, and pamper myself with face masks etc. I suggest you practice self care starting once a week and work it up from there giving yourself at least an hour a day if you can.	labels:Do you have any recommendations for medicating? I've been looking to get into it as I know it has helped many people. But I haven't found any easy way to divulge into the topic. I appreciate you recommending that I spend an hour a day. I think something like this could better myself into living a much happier and fulfilled life.
text:I suggest listening to Jay shetty he is on most podcasts apps. personally, I use stitcher. If you can download a podcast app you can just type in "Meditation" and it will pull up several options to try out. Another great app is called MyLife Meditation by stop. breath. think. That's a great started meditation to try.	labels:I think I'm going to try to start with your podcast that you recommended. I already listen to podcasts daily so that wouldn't be hard to fit into my routine! :)
text:It sounds like this could be something that would fit right in with your life and even help improve it. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do! There is so many great books out there and other podcasts as well about self care..	labels:Thank you so much for all your help today and guiding me in the right direction. I truly am thankful for speaking with you today :)
text:I'm so glad I was able to help. Enjoy the rest of your day and remember to set aside sometime for yourself. It was great chatting with you.	labels:Likewise! Take care! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what can I help you?	labels:I really sad as my partner walked out on me. Any thoughts what could  cheer me up?
text:Was there anything that leads to this?	labels:Not really. I thought everything was ok between us. That is why it kind of struck me.
text:That's terrible and unacceptable behavior. How long have you been together?	labels:I have to agree with you-it is unacceptable, considering that he didn't give me any reasons as to why he did it. We have been together for 5 years.
text:That sucks. I wouldn't be able to accept either.. Have you talked to your friends about this?	labels:It is still rather raw,I have mentioned to it to a few of my friends and they deeply symphatise with me but I feel there is nothing much they can do to help me.They are as shocked as me to be honest.
text:It is understandable to have that reaction. I agree with you, only us can hep ourselves. Have you tried doing activities that help distract you from having negative thoughts?	labels:Kind of, most of it involves eating loads of ice cream LOL.
text:Haha I feel you, I tend to eat a lot when depressed too. Look, it's treat yourself method. You deserve the best. If you can go to the mountain or big lake, I would say try spending a few hours there. Maybe have a mini picnic by yourself and enjoy the nature.	labels:That is a brilliant idea,I do love walking and being outdoors. :) It surely would help me to clear my mind.
text:Is there anything you have wanted to do but don't have the time? I always want to learn guitar and baking. This is the best time to start that.	labels:oh yeah, I suppose I have more time now to focus on things I have always wanted to do but never kind of had time for it. I bought a high end photo camera ages ago but never really had a chance to use it properly-I guess it is time to pursue my interest in photography, and spending more time outdoors would be ideal for that! And reading! The list of books I want to read is arm long!
text:That's the spirit! I know being treated like that feels horrible. However, I bet you have mourned enough, at the end of the day, a person treats you like that has no respect and you shouldn't waste time on them. It's time to invest in yourself, once you become your better version, a better partner will come to you.	labels:I really agree with you- I am worth more than that. It is time to move on, even when it is difficult. The sad side of it is that I probably will never know what I did wrong for things to end like that. Maybe I didn't do anything wrong. That is the question what will always stay with me and that actually is the hardest bit of it all. But... I am not going to delve into it. I feel like hitting a jackpot actually hahahaha. I will be walking off those calories I get from ice cream I have been scoffing lately.So I am having the best of both worlds. Who said you cannot have the cake and eat it all LOL.
text:Yes!Actually don't think you did wrong. Reflecting after a relationship is good but don't put all the blame on yourself. You have learned from this relationship too i believe, use that for your next one.	labels:I do not intend to. I am usually the kind of person who does blame oneself but I have found it is not right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I would like to talk to you about my academic pressures. I hope you may be able to help.\nYes here to listen and to help you in anyway I can.	labels:I guess the problem is that I am faced with impending deadlines with my studies, and that I am not that great with my organization or time management, and compounded with distractions. Thank you. So I don't know if you have any tips or personal experiences on how to deal with such issues.
text:By any chance have you thought about trying out some time management class?	labels:No, because time management I feel is something that I have to resolve on my own, and I have enough courses on my plate right now. But I guess for time management, I tend to be distracted easily or spend too long on other stuff outside of my studies.
text:Oh ok I see. I have actually been in this type of situation before, and I took those classes and they actually helped.	labels:I see. So would you be able to share some tips on time management?
text:Yes sure I can .	labels:like specifically, I don't know. I am just going with my instincts and my instincts aren't great or mature.
text:Find out where your wasting you time? Try creating time management goals? Implement a Time management Plan.	labels:well I guess I can put out like a time table on what I should get through in the day, etc. setting alarm clocks on set times, etc.
text:Yes thats a great idea. You could also reward yourself when you have done a good job.	labels:But also, with the ongoing pandemic, it doesn't help either. For example, I am trapped at home and it feels claustrophobic but it's not safe to go out either. And my mind wanders in such circumstances too. yes that's good advice. I have done it but sometimes I overdo my rewards like take too long of a break, etc. so in my opinion, I need moderation and maturity.
text:I can relate to that as well. This pandemic has gotten everyone down.	labels:for sure. It's really really distracting and has made my life and mind wander aimlessly. I was a lot more productive with my life and studies before March or so.
text:Dont be so down on yourself you are mature. Just need a little help managing some things.	labels:Yeah true. On that point, I know I have done well before, and I know I can pass, but I don't like the direction I am going in and these new trends. so I feel disappointed and guilty because I know I am better than this and ought to be.
text:If you do some of those suggestions I believe you will be just fine.	labels:yes for sure, your advice will be fresh in my mind after our chat. I have a renewed need to attend to my studies so I do feel that.
text:Oh also do you like music?	labels:just have to be more hardworking and contentious, basically. yeah I do. I try not to put music on while I study but I do that sometimes when I am doing other forms of assignments. So I have my rules on those.
text:While your studying play some soft music in the background that you like and see if that helps.	labels:yeah I will, from time to time. I think I am good to go from this point. Thank you so much for your helpful input.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there! My name is Rob, how are you today?	labels:I'm sad today Rob.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, when did you start feeling this way?	labels:Probably about 3 months ago.
text:Did something happen to trigger this for you? Or did it just kind of start without an explanation?	labels:My kids started online learning in their respective rooms during the day. One day they both came running to me after about 3 days of school asking me for various things that kids do. They were only coming to me and my husband sort of participated in the beginning but now he is falling back the last few months and it has taken a toll on our relationship.
text:Correct me if I'm wrong, your children are now online learning, and you are feeling defeated because your husband is pulling away and not providing you the support you need?	labels:This very correct!
text:That would be very hard, especially with the way the world is right now. I want you to know your feelings are valid, and I'm sure you are trying your best. Have you tried talking to your husband about your feelings, and how it is affecting your day today life?	labels:I am but our relationship is in jeopardy and we are arguing more than ever. Yes, but he seemingly will not compromise. He tried to suggest a half and half deal or this time im here for them and this time he is. He is not holding up to his promises.
text:That makes it hard when you have already tried to take the steps to help you improve the situation. If I may offer a suggestion, perhaps you should approach him, and advise him you are not interested in arguing since that won't improve the situation, but be up-front and honest about how this is making you feel, and how his lack of support will ultimately harm the whole family. And also maybe ask him if there is anything going on with him to find out why his support to you, and the children has changed.	labels:This is good advice. I am also not helping because I am arguing back at him. Something may well have changed within him I do not know about. I will definitely do this! You have been very helpful and thank you!
text:Sometimes when someone is stressed, their behaviour can change suddenly, if he is able to vent to you if there are any issues it could help!	labels:Great! Very useful and thanks again!
text:I really hope the situation improves for you, and just remember it is ok to feel sad some days, and don't be too hard on yourself. I wish you all the best!.	labels:Your great at this:)	episode_done:True
text:Hello my name is Christina.	labels:Hello Christina.
text:What's your name?	labels:Shay, thank you for asking.
text:Hi Shay. You are welcome.  Anything on your mind today? I'm here if you would like to talk about anything.	labels:I am feeling depressed. I feel lonely and unimportant to those around me.
text:So you are feeling depressed and lonely and you feel unimportant?. I am sorry to hear that you are feeling this way. I have felt the same before and I know it can be difficult to change those feelings.	labels:yes. I just want to get out of this slump. I hate that im sad all the time.
text:I can understand that.  If I may can I ask you if you live with anyone?.	labels:i live by myself now.
text:Ok well that should be something that you can take pride in.  Do you have contact with your friends and family?  I have found that for me calling my mom or chatting with my friends that truly know me makes me feel more connected to others.	labels:I talk to my mom often, but i was isolated from most of my friends for years so im trying to meet new ones.
text:That's great that you speak to your mom.  I know it can be hard to open yourself up and meet new friends but I think you can do it.  Are there maybe some people at your job that you would consider making friends with?  I think that would be a great place to start because you would already have something in common..	labels:I do have friends from my job, but i currently commute 1.5 hours for work which makes it hard. I feel that with time i may be more open to more friends, but right now i just want those that already know my back story for comfort.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. How are you today?	labels:I am good, thanks for asking. I hope you're doing well also.
text:I am. thank you!	labels:I am here to talk about the effects that the current pandemic has on my mental health. Specifically, I feel scared and anxious that me, my friends, or my loved ones will be infected.
text:That is very understandable. I too have felt this anxiety. It is a very difficult situation, and can really bring out the worst in our mental health..	labels:I see. Sorry to hear that. I don't go out until it's absolutely necessary, only when I have errands or for work. And so for more than half a year, I have not gone out for any frivolous walks, to the movie theatre, for hikes, or to workout s I used to. yes and I feel that. I have pretty much been staying indoors all this time. I feel lonely and sleep at abnormal times, workout a lot less, eat a lot less healthy, etc. There's no coherent or healthy lifestyle pattern, as my life pretty much was put on hold from back in March.
text:Well, it sounds like you are doing pretty well given the circumstances. It is good that you have found activities to keep busy. I understand the lack of structure. It can be difficult but also freeing.	labels:well I have, but a lot of the times I am just wasting time and procrastinating and kind of just staring off into space and not doing much at home. Yes thank you for pointing out the lack of structure, that was the word I was looking for. It was freeing at first, but then I realized that it was going to repeat perpetually and that I was going to miss the entire summer, etc.
text:It can be a good time to try a project or new direction you haven't had time for until now. Or just try to think of what your possibilities are.	labels:and I felt somewhat claustrophobic etc. And also scared to go out and be in public because I get paranoid at who's infected, etc. yeah that's a good idea.
text:I have a good feeling that we will have some normalcy by summer 2021.	labels:I wanted to take up writing more, but my online education got in the way and my goal became unrealized. yes hopefully you're right. and how about you? How have you been coping so far?
text:I understand. As long as you are being cautious and following the guidelines, you are doing all you can to protect yourself. That is a good thing.	labels:yes I am trying to be as careful and not think to much as I can.
text:Just taking it one day at a time and focusing on the positives. Obviously some days will be easier than others.	labels:I see. I was okay for the last few months to be honest, and getting used to the routines. But it was just that for the last two to three weeks, my city started having a rise in the cases from a second wave. And that's when my anxiety came back and my guard is up again.
text:Hopefully you can see the light at the end of this tunnel. The second waves seem to be a trend, and we made it through the first one.	labels:yeah that's true and have been lucky so far as I don't know anyone personally that has been infected.
text:That is a good thing!	labels:And have also been lucky that certain things didn't happen, like a massive shortage in supplies and food. There was for the first month or so, but stuff like that were eventually smoothed out. So I agree with you that in due time, things will resolve themselves. I sure can go for that vaccine now, that's for sure.
text:I think you are doing the right thing. And it shouldn't be long before the vaccine is released.	labels:Yeah the highly publicized vaccine company is hopefully going to roll out its vaccine soon in the States.
text:That's promising. Just make sure you are getting your vitamins, and drinking plenty of water. This will keep your immune system strong. It's difficult to remember to take care of yourself when all this is going on.	labels:yes, I get enough of those. Just should have more of a routine, as you said before. I just need to manage my time better at home and also find more time to work out and sleep at normal times, because I tend to sleep real late nowadays. yeah you're so right. That's exactly right, I kind of ignore myself and became zoned out or something.
text:Sleeping patterns can vary. Some studies actually show that certain people are better off with an unpredictable routine. Just listen to your mind and body.	labels:right. That's good advice. But aside from that, I should be fine then. Thank you very much for your helpful input.
text:You are welcome. Thank you for allowing me to try to help!	labels:it's good to have someone to listen and understand, thanks. Thanks again and have a wonderful day.
text:You too!!	labels:good luck and all the best to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hey.\nHello, what's on your mind today?	labels:Just wondering what I can do to deal with my cocky annoying friend Rick and his new car. (as above)
text:How long have you been friends?	labels:30+ years since high school.
text:And he has always had cocky attitude? Have you ever told him that?	labels:He has, and yes I've told him, he just dismisses it, thinks it's funny that I get jealous.
text:I understand your frustration, it's upsetting when they dismiss what you say even though you have been friends for so long.	labels:Thanks.
text:What I would recommend in this case is, spend more time with other friends who appreciate you. You also need to tell Rick your honest thought, don't beat around the bush but let him know you're serious.	labels:That's good advice! Thanks. I wonder how I can get through to him to really let him know I'm serious. Ideas?
text:I have been in the same situation myself, what I usually do is sit down with them and start the conversation in a serious mood. Explain everything I need to say and tell them that I mean every word. If they don't seem to accept and change, I keep my distance from them.	labels:Makes sense. Unfortunately we live on the same street so it's kind of hard not to run into each other. :/
text:That's even easier to make it clear, if you run into him, just give him a polite greetings. The point is, make it clear you have had enough.	labels:Right, so basically let him know if he continues to act like he does, we're done as friends, correct? Or should I not be that bold?
text:Yes. Be not too harsh at first. I would say to give him 1 more chance. If he still doesn't respect your words, it's the best for both to say it clearly.	labels:Sounds good, I'm looking forward to getting this resolved. Now I just have to work on the wording (what I'll say) to come across as serious without being too harsh, I guess. Suggestions welcome! :)
text:You have the right mindset! Practice before talking will help you deliver your thoughts better..	labels:Yeah I tend to get too emotional lol.
text:I would start with something along the line "Look, I  know we have had this conversation many times. However, i feel as though you never take me seriously. I want to say this one last time...."	labels:That's perfect. Copying that down right now! Seriously!
text:Getting emotional is totally fine, that's why you need practice.	labels:True it's just we've been friends for so long it would suck if we weren't anymore. So I've got a plan and know what to do. You've been super helpful! Thanks!
text:I understand, it's difficult to come to this decision when you've been friends for so long. I hope he appreciates your friendship just as you do and tries his best.	labels:We will see!
text:You're very welcome. is there anything I can do for you?	labels:No, I think that's it! Much appreciated!
text:I think you can end our session here. I'm glad I could help a bit.	labels:Yes, agreed, and yes you did! Thanks again!	episode_done:True
text:how are you feeling today?	labels:Not so great. I broke up with my boyfriend a couple days ago.
text:So you have been feeling down since the breakup a couple days ago?	labels:Yes I have. I just do not know what to do with myself anymore.
text:I can relate to this heartache as I have gone through similar breakups in my life. The important thing is that we pick ourselves up after something like this.	labels:I just do not know where or how to start the process.
text:It can be really hard sometimes! It appears that  you possess the strength and motivation to be able to pick yourself back up. The factthat you are reaching out for help shows you have the motivation and desire to work to get better!	labels:I do not want to feel like this forever!
text:Studies indicate that emotions felt immidiately after a breakup eventually subside with time. It is important to take care of yourself in the mean time. Do you have any hobbies?	labels:Yes. I love to read.
text:So you like to read? Have you thought about reading self-help books on perhaps depression?	labels:I do read self help books.
text:Have the books provided you any benefit?	labels:Not really.
text:I get the sense that you are pretty depressed over you recent breakup that you have taken pretty hard. I also feel your desire to want to feel better. I think this is a  step in the right direction for you to get to feeling better.	labels:I think so too i just do not know where to go from here.
text:Sometimes it helps in working through these feelings when we reach out to a professional mental health provider. Is this something you have considered?	labels:I have thought about it before.
text:What has stopped you from doing this in the past?	labels:I am nervouse about it.
text:I am hearing that while you have thought about reaching out for professional help in the past in regaurds to your mental health, you have not felt comfortable enough to do this as this makes you feel a bit anxious or nervous is that correct?	labels:Yes that is correct.
text:I am nervous in situations that are new to me as well so I understand this. Is there something you can do to get past this nervousness so that you fel comfortable seeking out this help?	labels:I think that I will always be nervous until I get to know a mental health professional that I trust and am comfortable with.
text:It sounds like the only way for you to gain that confidence in someone to be able to share your feelings with them, that you will likely need to face that fear in order to make progress, is that right?	labels:Yes, I guess you are right about that.
text:What would be the forst step you could take in working twards getting over this fear so that you may get the professional help that you feel like you have needed in the past as well as the present?	labels:I just need to schedule an appointment with someone and go in and meet them face to face.
text:It is great that you can identify what needs to be done in this situation. It sounds like you are ready and willing to seek out help for yourself! Do you have access to the resources that are in your area?	labels:Yes I do as I have a list of all mental health providers in my area from the last time I thought about going to see one. Thank you for your time and your help!	episode_done:True
text:I know she would want me to be happy, but i don't feel joy anymore.\nI understand.  Sometimes it's hard to find joy.  When do you think you starting feeling this way?	labels:Almost 2 years ago. I'm so lonely without her.
text:Sometimes, finding joy can be difficult. Especially when what we always turned to for joy is gone. But we can find comfort in little things.  Is there something you have that gives you comfort?  Even the smallest thing.	labels:When she was alive I felt like she was keeping me alive because i didn't want to put her through the pain of killing myself. I feel good for a few minutes at a time but then it all seems pointless.
text:I believe we all have purpose in this life.  I know that it's hard to live with-out the ones we hold dearly.  I think a way we can keep them alive in our hearts is to pass on the good things about they did for us to others.	labels:You hit the nail on the head. I struggle to find purpose for my life. I have no kids & my anxiety keeps me from reaching out to people.
text:I feel the same way, I get anxious around others as well. Maybe little steps are the best way.  Sometimes all someone needs is a smile, even when we can't find our own, we can give one to others.	labels:Everytime I convince myself to seek professional help I fool myself into believing that this will finally be the time I will be able to fix myself. Of course I haven't yet. I admit it has helped to be online & see that so many other people share my "symptoms"
text:It's always hard to make that next step, but I believe you're closer than you think.	labels:I hope I hurry up. I feel like i'm wasting precious time. I can't imagine ever feeling close enough to someone to call them a friend. I wish i could learn to love my solitude more.
text:You are not alone and you are right, time is precious, but it's okay to take to to grieve.  Grief is a part of healing.	labels:It would be nice if as humans we could be more evolved to the point that death wouldn't hurt so much as it is a part of life.  My mom was an art teacher & I like to be crafty. After she died i started "A Tribute to Mom: 1000 Acts of Art" I'm at #544. And that feels good & hurts at the same time.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so stressed, my emotions and anxiety is through the roof.\nWhat do you think is the cause of that?	labels:I have a my masters thesis tomorrow and we have to do a presentation. A public speaking presentaion.
text:Oh, so it's the public speaking that has you rattled?	labels:Yes, I have a specific professor that intimidates me and knows that she can rattle me. I wish I could avoid her..
text:That sounds like it'd be enough to upset anybody.	labels:I know, right! I know I have my material ready to present and feel confident, its just how she gives constructive criticism and that her decisions and 25% of my final grade.
text:I think most people aren't big fans of public speaking. .	labels:The last class I had with her she was very aggressive when I asked questions aloud. Almost if she was put out.  Also told me that my bumper sticker that says "stop heroin" was ignorant..
text:Well she sounds like kind of a pain in the ass honestly, I had a teacher like that one time myself.	labels:I have so much anxiety and emotional conflicts going into the last assignment. Just wish I had some good coping mechanisms to practice to get me through this. Oh yes!  a PITA! That made me giggle a bit. Thank you for that.
text:Maybe you could try and just put things in perspective.  I mean this will all be behind you soon enough, and no matter how it goes it's not like you're going to wind up on skid row over it, I wouldn't think.	labels:You are right, only skid row I know is 18 and life. Best with Sebastian Bach.
text:So in the short term I'd just try to get a good night's sleep, give it your best shot, and keep in mind that it's not really all that significant in the grand scheme of things.	labels:Now that helps take me back to a better time. It will be over before I know it. Thank you for the nice uplifting words.
text:Well my pleasure, I hope that was of some help!	labels:Thank you so much, I feel much better.
text:Well good!  So now what do we do?  Does this count as finishing the hit?	labels:I tried to finish and quit, It states I have more time. you?
text:Hang on, let me look and see.	labels:now we are good, try it now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you. Could b better.\nI understand it could be better. What is going on? My day could be better too sometimes, it may help to talk about it.	labels:Ive been more depressed and more panic attacks since the quarantine.
text:It sounds like you are really worried and have anxiety over the qurantine. From my experience it has helped tremendously to take a few deep breaths.	labels:Yes so much. Afraid of getting it and than giving it to my very sick mlm.
text:I also have been worried about getting it and passing it on. I have been taking extra precautions to stay home and wash my hands often to try and prevent it.	labels:Sometimes I don't think that's enough to prevent.  My mom has cancer and it's been hurting not being able to see her because I don't want to take that risk.
text:That is so difficult that you are concerned  and upset that you can't see her.. In my experience I've used video chat to help me get through hard times when I couldn't see my loved ones in person..	labels:Yeah I've tried but it's not th same. Wish I could b there to help her through this. But with everything going on it's so hard.
text:That's really hard, but I think you have it in you to keep doing your best and staying safe.	labels:I guess so it's a struggle everyday. Appreciate talking to someone though.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hi.
text:How are you doing today? Are there any particular issues you would like to discuss?	labels:I think you are able to read about my situation, but if not, I've basically lost my best high school friends while in college. It's pretty rough since I've known these people since I was in elementary school.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Did that make college difficult for you?	labels:It did - I had to figure out what was important in life after that but the loss of my high school friends drove me into a mild depression.
text:Of course. Do you still experience feelings of sadness when thinking of that time in your life?	labels:Occasionally when I think about that time in my life.
text:Does that loss still affect your day-to-day life or do you feel like you were able to handle those feelings in a healthy way?	labels:I am still feeling the effects of it today.  I don't know exactly how to cope properly.
text:It sounds like you're still struggling with that loss. That is entirely normal. .	labels:That's great that it's normal....but I'm not sure how that's helping me.
text:It sounds like you're looking for a way to handle these feelings in a healthy way. Am i right in that?.	labels:I guess so.  I'm not sure where to start or even if I need do. to.
text:That makes sense. Some feelings of sadness around a loss are normal but they can be a problem if they start interfering with functioning. Do you have a support network or someone you can turn to when you feel like this?	labels:I have a spouse but they weren't around when this series of unfortunate events occurred.
text:Do you feel like you talk to your spouse about these issues?	labels:No, it's something I keep inside.  I'm a super private person.
text:From what I have seen, if people try to keep their emotions inside, it can be more damaging in the long run. This isn't something you have handle all by yourself.	labels:Agreed, I guess.  Maybe it's time to share more with my spouse.  I don't think it's that big an issue.  I just don't like talking about it.
text:That's completely fair. It can be a difficult thing to talk about. When those feelings do come up, can you think of ways to discuss it with your spouse?	labels:I think so.   I'm thinking we can do it over dinner one night while it's quiet in the house so we can talk.
text:I think that's a wonderful idea. From what I've seen, it can be really difficult to talk about, but afterwards it does get easier. You deserve the chance to remember the good memories of your friendship and not carry your difficult feelings by yourself.	labels:I guess thats true - thanks for chatting with me about this.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi there - how can I help you this evening?	labels:i'm just feeling nervous about scheduling classes for next semester at university. i want to take classes that will give me skills rather than theory. because i'm worried about finding a job after i graduate, because of the economy during the pandemic.
text:I can understand that, there are probably a ton of classes to select from.	labels:yes, tons.
text:What kind of skills to you want to gain?	labels:for me, i want to have strong writing skills and also some hard skills, like excel and programming.
text:That's great, the computer skills will help out a lot.  And the programs help with writing skills too.	labels:ok.
text:Do you have anyone like a counselor you can consult with to help you make a decision? When I was in school, I developed a relationship with the counselor so I felt comfortable asking.	labels:i do have an academic advisor, but i don't think he understands what i'm looking for. i might ask one of my other professors to see what they think.
text:No? That's too bad.  It helps to have like a mentor and maybe that professor would be a good source.  Sounds like a good plan.	labels:yeah hopefully that will help. i need to decide soon.
text:You sound like you have a good head on your shoulders and want to be able to get a good job when you graduate.  I think it is wise to seek advice now.	labels:thank you. i appreciate that.
text:Do you think you have a strategy?  Talk to your professor and see if he can help or maybe he can provide another solution?	labels:yes, that sounds like what i should do.
text:I wish you all the best - I am confident you will do great!	labels:thank you for your help!
text:You are certainly welcome.  I'm glad I could help. Have a good rest of your evening.	labels:thank you. you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, thanks for chatting, how are you feeling today?	labels:Hi there, i'm doing okay today.  Getting things ready for wokr. work*
text:I'm glad to hear that! How has work been going for you?	labels:Really well, I enjoy being there.  And it pays well, so can't go wrong with those two positives.
text:Absolutely, I think finding a job that you are passionate about is a goal for a majority of people.	labels:Yep, it works fine for me.  Can't complain very much about it.
text:That's awesome, is there any aspect about your job that you don't like or enjoy as much?	labels:To be honest, not really.  I pretty much self-manage and do not have to deal with people, which is a good thing for me.  Every now and then I'll have to work with a new person who isn't as competent and that can be frustrating.
text:I can understand it, it sounds like you are in a position where you oversee others are in a teaching capacity. I too am in a similar position, and when people aren't as responsive to my ideas, it can definitely irritate me.	labels:Yeah.  It's more of a competency problem with me I think.  I'm fine if people aren't responsive to my personal ideas, but as far as a work situation - or any situation where there are pre-agreed situations that must be dealt in certain ways - that is frustrating.  I think I expect too much  from people - but really my expectations aren't that high, I don't think - if I really think about it.
text:That makes sense, but it might be helpful to think about the other person's situation. Perhaps he/she hasn't had the same amount of training? Perhaps, they just need a little more guidance than other people who are more able to complete the tasks.	labels:That is true, and a good point.  My main issue - it's not just related to work - I'm not a "liker" of people in general, but I am nice to everyone. I have a hard time relating to most people.
text:What aspects do you especially have a hard time relating with?	labels:Well, it seems someone has to have to have gone through some hard times as well, for me to relate to them.  And to have learned from those hard times.  So that cuts out a good bit of people who have had good lives - and then half the people who have gone through some stuff haven't learned from it and made themselves better.  So its. So I have to try to weed everyone out, but that's exhausting.
text:That does sound exhausting, though some people might be reluctant to share their personal experiences, and it might be helpful to start smaller when getting to know someone and working up to more serious conversations..	labels:Thats good advice.  Often Im fine with the way thjngs are going, but every once in a while it bothers me.
text:I think it's great that it doesn't happen often and that you are able to recognize the few situations where it does begin to bother you.	labels:Yeah I try to stay cognizant of these things.  Ive had some psych training so it helps out.
text:That's even better! You are able to use your own skills to recognize the problems and take the appropriate steps forward. I think that if you are able to keep doing that, hopefully you'll find that people are a lot easier to relate to than you initially thought.	labels:Good points made.  Helps me to talk about it with someone every now and then.  Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:good evening, what's bothering you?	labels:I have anxiety, which keeps me awake at night and I can't relax.
text:lots of people suffer from anxiety.you are not alone..	labels:I just want to not having to live with it.
text:ok. well do you want to expand on what's causing the anxiety?	labels:A lot of reasons, but right now because my parents are old. I'm worried whenever they have to drive, especially in the snow.
text:I'm sure your parents know that if they can't drive they won't because they you are worried about them.	labels:They still have to go to work. The point here is, that is just the tip of an iceberg. Most of the time, I am worried something bad will happen, even if there is no particular reason.
text:have you spoken to them about your concern?.	labels:No I have not, I don't think they can help.
text:well it's a atart. I suggest you talk to them about it. maybe they will take your concerns seriously.	labels:Are there anything else that can help?
text:well I suggest try exercising always keeps mind occupied.	labels:I tend to get more anxious at night before bed, what should I do?
text:have you seek professional help?	labels:No I have not, they can be very expensive.
text:well they do a good job in helping others maybe it's worth a try.	labels:I don't know where to start,like who is good and such.
text:well first speak with your family doctor he can recommend someone for you.	labels:I will try that, that's a good start.
text:you can do this and conquer your anxiety. anything else I can help with? if not we good.	labels:That's all for now, your advice was very helpful.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi how are you doing?	labels:pretty good I guess, considering I can't find a job. please help.
text:That sounds really tough. It's hard to find work these days.	labels:Amen brother/and or sister I'll tell you what . Tough out here geez.
text:I totally understand. Covid had really ruined a lot of things. Have you tried job sites?	labels:any ones that you can recommend? I've tried a few, it's usually headache.
text:I really like indeed.com as well as glassdoor. They give good suggestions and make it easy to apply.	labels:Nice, I'll check those out. are you an actual person or am I talking to an AI?
text:I'm a real person haha are you?	labels:Yes, I am also. how's the weather there?
text:It's nice and sunny, I hope you're having good weather as well..	labels:cold and dreary here. But you know what, I appreciate the chat. you're right, I need to get up off my butt and apply to those sites. this has been a life changer.
text:I'm glad it was helpful. I wish you luck!	labels:thanks, toodle-loo!
text:bye!	labels:wait.
text:what's up.	labels:5 minutes still? this is a crazy, my life is saved. I have no time to wait 5 minutes, I have to apply for jobs. oh god.
text:What do you mean 5 minutes? Are you ok?	labels:I can't leave this convo until 15 minutes is up.
text:Oh dang well I guess we'll just wait then.	labels:i was feeling good but now i'm depressed again, trapped here in in chat bubble loop. what if my dream job is out there and someone just snagged it? help! I don't like being trapped in places.
text:Don't worry there'll be plenty of opprtunites. You have a unique set of skills that nobody else has.	labels:ok, you're right, you're right. just another minute left, i can do this. it's like fear factor.
text:You'll be fine!	labels:i'm just joking thanks for making that interesting! bye bye!!!!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing?	labels:I have been better. I am really stressed and feel like I am at a breaking point.
text:I am sorry to hear you are near your breaking point, do you have any idea when the decline and stress began?	labels:It began a few weeks ago. I have had a really intense project that is on a time crunch. I feel like I am overwhelmed and unable to balance work and personal life..
text:Work and personal life are very hard to juggle with each other, especially in the current life situations around the globe.  I am sure you will successfully handle both in the overall..	labels:What should I do to help feel like I can manage and push through? Right no w i feel like giving up..
text:For me, when I start getting overwhelmed and need to "debrief" my mind, and "declutter" the stresses, I use a notepad. I jot down every detail I can that pops into mind. Every upcoming task, everything that has caused anxiety or similar, and then I prioritize them in an agenda. It seems tedious, however once you get a handle on scheduling, in my personal experience, it is easier to hold yourself accountable and slowly work your way through accomplishments, even small tasks, which is encouraging to continue. Sometimes, something as small as an accomplished task can uplift a mood greatly. Especially when listed and checked off to see the progress.	labels:Thank you. That seems helpful. I tend to make excuses for myself when I feel like this and allow myself to slip in other areas of my life. For example if I am stressed, I tend to eat unhealthy food. Overall its hard to juggle all things I want to do and be at once. I will plan to make a list and check off some small things.
text:When you visually see your success, I hope it will help like it does for myself. I personally believe that it is a useful tool, depression runs deep and anxiety pushes it over the edge with deadlines. Life and Personal are very complicated situations. As is living, in itself. Small accomplishments, maybe with minor rewards to yourself as you go, boosts confidence and tends to fade out the overwhelming heavy feelings.	labels:What do you consider to be a minor reward that would be a good tool for me today? I have created a list and was able to check one thing off already. This has helped some and I feel a little more relieved.
text:A punch card. If you have one handy, a note card/index card. Draw maybe, 15 circles around the edge, and call it "My rewards" In the middle, choose one thing you enjoy, for instance, if you like an ice cream sundae, put that in the middle. For your first task, just jot all that is on your mind down, and also use that as the first task to yourself. Check off one circle, and once you hit 15 get that sundae! Awesome! I am happy to hear that it has already helped a little!.	labels:Thats a great idea. I really like that!
text:I do sincerely hope you start feeling better, the current average life has altered greatly, and it has changed workloads and balances with great challenges..	labels:Yes. We are all being challenged and perhaps this will help people grow. I know that once i an over the hump I will be happy i did it and put in the effort. I appreciate the in the moment help!.
text:Absolutely, I appreciate the chance to speak with you and give suggestions..	labels:Do you have nay other tips that i may use?
text:Perhaps, nature. A walk alone somewhere pretty tends to be a refreshing, zen-like activity. Or even, as a meditation type approach, rock stacking. It takes much focus, and tends to leave your mind clearer in the end. I also recommend reading, or listening to audio books of a theme you are interested in. It brings comfort in activities.	labels:thank you. It is sometimes hard to make time to do those things. I think i will try and scheduled them into my dat.	episode_done:True
text:gf broke my heart.\ncan you talk more about what happened?	labels:she just broke my heart all of a sudden.
text:did she end your relationship?	labels:yes she did. I feel so sad. it came outta the blue. I thought I was doing everything right.
text:It sounds like you thought the relationship was going well and were surprised.  Is that right?	labels:yes that's correct I feel so sad. I felt like I did something wrong.
text:It sounds like you are really sad and don't know how to move forward.	labels:yes I don't know. I want to move on but I can't too many good memories.
text:I remember looking at pictures and reminiscing after a break-up too. It helped me to take down pictures to not be reminded of the relationship until I was ready..	labels:yes its tough. what should I do to move on? any advice?
text:I know that you are working hard on understanding and moving forward with your life, just by reaching out and having this conversation! Apparently allowing yourself some time to grieve can be a good starting point, according to the experts!	labels:ok thanks. good advice. any more? I feel like crap.
text:Set aside time to do things for yourself. Could you find any time to read, exercise, travel, or something else you enjoy?	labels:thanks maybe I will take a vacation to Europe will keep my mine of occupied.
text:Wow that sounds like an awesome trip. I would enjoy that, too!	labels:I hope so. it will be memorable..
text:It will probably be helpful fo you too - to get yourself in another location where you can experience different feelings.	labels:thank you again for the great advice, my mine is at ease.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:Hello, I'm having a very rough day, how are you?
text:I'm doing well, thank you! I'm sorry to hear that you're having a rough day. Do you mind me asking what happened to make you feel that way?	labels:My mother passed away about a month ago due to alcoholism, it has been rough attempting to cope with the many different emotions.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. My brother suffers from alcoholism as well. I know how worrisome and difficult it can be. I still have a hard time dealing with my emotions. What different types of emotions are you feeling?	labels:I'm so sorry that it's a situation that you can relate to, its such a hard situation watching someone drink their life away no matter what you do until they eventually pass away from it. I can say my anxiety has increased immensely as well as depression. It seems that quite a bit of pressure has been placed on me because of the family business she ran and my dad who is now trying to live without her.
text:Wow, that really is a lot to deal with. It seems as though you have a good understanding of what you're feeling but that you are trying to figure out how to move forward from here. It seems like you are trying to figure out how to work through your feelings as well as how to manage and deal with the pressure that has been put on you as a result. Does that sound accurate to you?	labels:It definitely does, I know it feels like quite a bit now but will gradually become easier to deal with..
text:That is a great attitude to have. I'm very proud of you for trying to stay positive and for reassuring yourself that it will become easier for you to deal with over time. You sound like an incredibly strong person!	labels:Thank you so much! That means a lot just to hear and I think it is incredibly refreshing talking to someone that has a fresh mind about all of it rather than another family member that is attempting to cope with the same situation.
text:You're very welcome! I know from experience that it is usually best and much easier to talk to someone on the outside who doesn't know all of the ins and outs of what you are experiencing. Have you considered any ways in which you could start to work through what you're feeling?	labels:Very true, especially someone who is willing to listen and provide advice or positive conversation. Yes, I have begun a new medication that will hopefully help soon, I have also begun focusing on different hobbies that I enjoy so that I can keep my mind busy.
text:It's great to hear that you are on a medication that will hopefully help you. Have you also considered speaking to an outpatient therapist or someone along those lines? That way, you could return to the same person as often as you feel necessary to continue to work through your feelings with someone who isn't directly involved with your situation. I think that focusing on different hobbies that you enjoy is an incredible way to take your mind off of everything and to keep yourself busy! What types of hobbies are you into?	labels:I haven't thought too much about it, but I do think it might be a great time and something that will be necessary in order for self healing and really to just express the up and down emotions that occur.. I have recently fallen in love with wood working and different crafting. I enjoy being able to use my hands and become proud once i finish an accomplishment..
text:I completely agree. I used to see a therapist. It was very difficult for me to do in the beginning, but once I got to know them, they provided me with coping strategies that otherwise, I never would have thought of. One of my favorites that he introduced me to was guided meditation. Have you ever heard of it?	labels:I have not, I think if i feel that I can open up quickly, it would be extremely beneficial.
text:That sounds awesome! You should look into a relatively new craft called diamond painting. I started doing them back in 2018 and it completely turns my brain off from the outside world.	labels:I have been looking at them recently and think I might just order one! Thank you for the advice!	episode_done:True
text:what's bothering you today?	labels:i feel like i cant stop crying.
text:why do you feel that way? can tell me more?	labels:i feel like im losing everything.
text:ok I understand. would you like to talk why you are feeling like this?	labels:my other half works so hard and i cant help felling like im not enough that they are going to just walk away.
text:just to let you know you are not alone in this. I too was going through a rough time..	labels:it doesnt help that we lost our baby roo and lost twins not 5 months later.
text:talking about it and I'm sorry to hear. expressing your feelings to someone can help relieve so of that emotion..	labels:how do people move on from a lost of pregnancy.
text:in the end things will work out. you just have to think positive and live. God had other plans for your twins. god wanted them to be your two angels.	labels:i get that it was the way it was meant to be but it hurts so bad knowing that we may lose our current pregnancy.
text:have you talk to a professional counselor for advice?.	labels:yes and all they say is it takes time.
text:yes it does. Time will heal all. try to keep your self occupied and mind busy with things to enjoy.	labels:the things i enjoyed in the past dont seem to be enjoyable anymore. i just cant stop the anxiety takes over.
text:I understand it's tough loosing someone. I know, I've lost someone too. just be positive.	labels:i pray several times a day for this baby to be healthy. but its hard to smile when i know what can happen.
text:hopefully I ease your mind a little but remember don't be afraid to see professional help. they can offer good advice and things to keep you motivated.	labels:i see a counsler weekly but so far the anxiety wont let up.
text:praying is good  and keep on believing. anything else?.	labels:any tips for exercises to relieve the anxiety? i have tried naming 5 things you can touch, smell and see. it helps but not a lot.	episode_done:True
text:hi I'm hoping you can help me get through this difficult time..\nHi, can you please explain the difficult time you are having.	labels:my boyfriend broke up with me and I've been upset. We live in different parts of the country and have been separated because of the coronavirus crisis..
text:I hear you saying that you are having a difficult time as your boyfriend broke up with you and that due to the coronavirus you have been separated.  Is that correct?	labels:that is correct. Do you have any advice or suggestions about how I can get through the ending of our relationship?.
text:I know you are hurting right and it seems like everything is happening all at the same time with the virus and now this. You will find the strength to get through.	labels:I appreciate your support and encouragement.. Have you ever gone through a break up?.
text:It sounds like you are really stressed over the breakup and you want to know how to move forward.	labels:yes. I don't want to slip into a depressive state. I'm hoping for positive methods of moving past this..
text:I know the feeling, and the virus does not make moving on quickly any easier, but it will happen.	labels:thanks for listening and offering input..
text:Be sure to talk to your close friends, it gets easier when you do that..	labels:I think you're right. Talking about it with people who are close would be beneficial. Maybe I can read a few books, as well..
text:Yes, you can and be sure to take some long walks and if there is a beach close by, walk along the beach and think of what that new guy is going to be like, when you ,meet him.	labels:haha. You're right. Healthy distractions would be good for me..
text:I see you asked if I had ever gone through a breakup and the answer is Yes,  Many of them,  Trust me when i say it to will pass. How long were you with your boyfriend?	labels:that's good to know! I feel less alone. I guess it will take some time, but I feel better for having spoken to you about this. Thanks again for your support.. We were together for almost 4 years..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Okay. How are you?
text:Trying to be positive about the dumpster fire of 2020 lol, but positivity is kind of hard to maintain wouldn't you say?	labels:It really, really is. Things just pile up, you know?
text:Totally! It's hard to plan for success when life seems a bit uncertain. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?	labels:It's a combination of things. I have no idea what I'm doing most days, just kind of going through the motions. Kind of like Groundhog Day, repeating the same day over and over with slightly different variations. Trying to get things done and taken care of, thinking I'm doing my best and feeling like it's never good enough. Feeling like I'm failing all the time.
text:Ah yes, the cog in the machine sort of vibe. Boy do I feel that. Well, the good thing is your not alone. The bad thing is societal pressure demands that we be productive or we think we're wasting time. When's the last time you took a day to enjoy something you like to do?	labels:It's been a long time since I did that, I can't even remember when. I don't get many opportunities like that.
text:What activity or activities are you thinking about? Anything that you enjoy or makes you smile.	labels:Anything really. I have two kids, neither of which is in school yet so they're with me all the time. It's very rare that I have someone to watch them for me so I can do....anything by myself. One of my good friends got married recently and my parents watched them for me so I could go to her bachelorette party and wedding without them. That was the first time I'd gone anywhere without them in....over a year.
text:Ah weddings, did you have fun?	labels:I did. I had a really good time. It was weird being out without them, but it was fun.
text:Nice! Well, two kids is A LOT, especially since they aren't in school yet. You are dealing with the care and growth of the most complex organism on this planet...times two! That's incredible. First of all, give yourself a pat on the back for that. Secondly, is it ok if i ask if you felt guilty for having fun without them? Often times guilt robs us of the ability to take care of ourselves, which happens to me all the time.	labels:I'm working on that but I feel guilty wanting time to myself to do things.
text:I think that's a systemic problem. Guilt is this powerful check when we do things that are wrong but self love is not wrong. When you constantly take care of others, you might forget to take care of yourself. We are only able to give the best version of ourselves when we feel validated. Perhaps there is a daycare or at home assistance program that will help give you the time to remember how great you are! Do you have some friends or close relatives that can talk with?.	labels:Not really. They're all dealing with they're own issues.
text:Have you asked them? I don't mean to be rude, but I have trouble asking for help and sometimes asking people for help seems like this huge, monumental task. But people can often surprise you. Of course, If you have, then I'd suggest looking up some motivational apps and trying meditation. While it can be hard with two young kids, meditation, even for only a few minutes, will help you relax through your doubt long enough to handle the challenges of the day. When you say you feel like your failing, do you think it is because you hold yourself a standard that is hard to reach?	labels:I haven't and I guess I'm a pleaser. I always wanna make sure everyone around me is okay and has everything they need and I do have trouble asking for help. Not that I don't think I need it, I just feel guilty asking.	episode_done:True
text:I feel sad, and feel like need help.\nCan you identify why you feel sad?	labels:yes, my aunt pass away a couple weeks ago. and since then im feeling really sad.
text:It is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies.	labels:IS there something I can do to feel better?
text:Are you with family?   Sometimes it helps to be with others who are grieving?	labels:No, I live alone, my family lives in another state.
text:Being by yourself is rough after a death.    Can you talk with your family by phone?   Do you have a friend who has gone through a similar loss?	labels:I feel like everybody is in their own bussines and have no time to hear my complains. I talk to my family, but the whole family is not doing really fine.
text:It sounds like you feel people think you are complaining when you talk about your Aunt's death making you sad.    Is that correct?	labels:yes.
text:Do you feel you are complaining?	labels:yes, I feel like noone wants to listen. I need to do something by mnyself. Can you recommend someting for me to do to feel better?
text:My own experiences with family deaths is they are sad.    I just wanted to "feel better".    My experience was it did not help to complain about "being sad" but it did help to talk about why I missed my family member.     If no one was available,   sometimes I would journal.   Do you think that might help you?	labels:Well maybe it could works, to mantain distracted. thank you.
text:You are welcome.    I am sorry about your Aunt.	labels:Thnak you, I think it helps to have someone to chat. Makes me feel better to chat a bit with you, helped me to relax.
text:That is why I am here.     Is there anything else you would like to chat about?	labels:I hink, Im fine for now. I will try to keep myself focus on different things. and try to chat a bit more at leaat with my family.
text:Good bye?	labels:Good bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing?	labels:I'm good, thank you.  I hope you are as well.
text:How can I help you today? How can I help you today?	labels:I was just seeking support regarding a feeling of loneliness and sadness.  My two sons and their families both live overseas.  My daughter lives nearby and has cancer.  I feel overwhelmed and just sad.
text:Feeling sad is natural, you are going through a lot.  I’m glad you reached out so we can work together. Feeling sad is natural, you are going through a lot.  I’m glad you reached out so we can work together.	labels:Yes.  That's the good part.  I know feeling sad is natural...so I try and not let it get the best of me.  I just try and stay busy doing things I enjoy, reading and journaling.  I am also thinking of planning a trip to visit my sons next year if COVID is no longer an issue.
text:I can tell that you understand what you are going through.  Keeping busy and planning for the future better times are great ways to help overcome some of your sadness.	labels:Yes.  I agree.  I keep trying to get my daughter to fly overseas with me, but she hates to fly.  I totally understand that.  I don't really like it either.  Her tumor seems to be shrinking, which is a very good thing.
text:It’s really tough but I know you can do it.  You are really focused on the right things. It’s really tough but I know you can do it.  You are really focused on the right things.	labels:Yes.  I have always been a positive minded person.
text:For sure you are, I can tell how upbeat and positive you are from our conversation.	labels:I am a work in progress. .
text:We are all working towards making ourselves better and I know that you will be successful. We are all working towards making ourselves better and I know that you will be successful.	labels:I appreciate your listening to me.
text:We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful. We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful. We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful.	labels:Thank you. .
text:You are a strong person and I hope that I have been helpful in listening and providing support.  There are many people going through similar situations and you are stronger than all of them. You are a strong person and I hope that I have been helpful in listening and providing support.  There are many people going through similar situations and you are stronger than all of them.	labels:Well, I don't know about that....but thank you.
text:Trust me, I speak with a lot of people going through tough times.  You are wonderful and I hope you have a good evening. Trust me, I speak with a lot of people going through tough times.  You are wonderful and I hope you have a good evening.	labels:Thank you for your time.  I hope you do as well.  Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello dear how are you today.	labels:Mostly ok, but I am a bit stressed about politics.
text:well, at the moment a lot of people seem to be stressed out about politics but on the brighter side, everyone is a winner.	labels:Why do you say that?
text:However, talk to me, why are you stressed? I say this based on the number of clients that I have had in the past one week..	labels:My best friend called me yesterday and was kind of gloating about Biden's win over Trump. She knows I supported Trump.
text:ooh wow, she must have really been pushing your nerves to the core right about the Biden win, right?	labels:Yes, and I sort of know that ultimately it doesn't matter but I am mad about it. I'm trying to figure out how to let things go and maintain our friendship. Any advice?
text:well look, One thing I have always learnt about people who push others to the core is that they always have that competitive spirit in them to always want to win while hurting others feelings. what do you think of that.	labels:She typically is not like this... but I can kind of see that point. Especially considering how upset she was 4 years ago when Trump won.
text:I get it now. I believe she feels like she has finally gotten what she was yearning for after four years of Trumps administration and now she is elated that her candidate has finally won right?.	labels:That's probably true. I guess I should just let her have her day?
text:well, let me ask you something. You've told me that you have been friends with her for a long time meaning that you understand her inside out right?	labels:Pretty much... over 25 years actually.
text:wow that's a long time. How about you letting her know how you really feel about what she is doing to you emotionally. What do you think the outcome might be?	labels:I'm not sure... our political difference is a recent thing. However, I will try that and see what happens. We've been through a lot together over the years so it's probably not going to end our friendship. Thanks for your advice. I do feel better about things.
text:I'm glad you feel better. but just a parting shot. Sometimes when one let's their friends know what is really bothering them makes the friends trust them more given that they are open with them and could tell them what they feel deep inside. That's what true friendship is about. It works wonders.	labels:That's true. Again thank you and I hope the rest of your day goes well. Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Nice meeting you.\nHi there, how is your day going?	labels:Fine and yours?. I have anger issue.
text:Uh oh, you feel you have an anger issue?  What's going on?	labels:How can you help me resolve it?
text:Is there anyone you can talk to about what you are going through?	labels:I get angry easily and it has affected a lot of my relationships.. I don't seem to have anyone to talk to..
text:How do you feel it is affecting your relationships?	labels:I get angry at the slightest provocation..
text:I understand how it can feel like you have no one to talk to.  Are you in school age, maybe a counselor could help?	labels:I'm not getting it funny anymore.
text:What do you mean?	labels:I'm an adult. Im a single mom.
text:I was angry for a period of time after my husband passed away and I get where you are coming from. I am also a single mom now.	labels:It's glad you can see the world from my perspective. How did you overcome it?. Oh that makes the 2 of us..
text:Day by day, focusing on my kids and how I want them to be happy.  I also found a great support group in my community.  Have you checked in to something like that?	labels:I'm thinking of something like that. I guess loneliness also makes it worse for me. I live alone....
text:I know how hard it can be to live and feel alone.  Do you have any pets?	labels:I don't have a pet but thinking of getting one..
text:I think that's a great idea!  My dogs have really helped, they provide great comfort.	labels:I will get a cat 🙀 then. I heard they are a great companion..
text:That sounds like a really good start in helping with your loneliness, it's great that you are thinking of ideas that will help move you forward.	labels:Yes you've been great too. I love how you helped me handle my issues. You're awesome..
text:Thank you, that's nice to hear.   Would you be interested in looking at the library for resources on groups or counseling?	labels:Yes that's another great idea. I'm gonna check on our local library to get some books 📚.
text:If you feel less comfortable in person, I bet there are many groups and information online as well.	labels:Where are you?.
text:At home. Yesterday was great weather here.	labels:Okay 👌.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, my girlfriend just broke my heart.\nThat stinks.  I understand how that can hurt. How long had you been together?	labels:we've been together for 5 years..
text:And how did she break your heart?	labels:through email. so it hurts even harder.
text:So it sounds like she broke up with you over email rather than face to face or even a call.  Not very considerate.	labels:yeah couldn't even do it face to face. I'm so hurt.
text:From talking with you I can tell this has been a real blow and need to find a way to move on.	labels:yes it has broke my heart into a million pieces.
text:I've had that happen before to me a few times.  It's just the absolute worst feeling.	labels:definitely is.  what should I do to get my mind off this awful breakup.
text:One of your first thoughts might be to get back out there, but really the best thing to do is to start doing things that you like, and that improve you personally.	labels:ok perfect. that will keep my mind occupied.
text:Do you enjoy any hobbies, or going to the gym?  If so, that might be a great place to start.	labels:yes I do. I like playing basketball with friends.
text:That's perfect, and a great way to get your mind off her while having fun at the same time.	labels:yes it will. but damn it sucks . I will take your advice. two more to go.
text:Glad to hear it.  Also, once you feel you're ready, there are plenty of ways to meet new girls.  There's the obvious places like online dating or bars, but also some not so obvious like the farmers market or shopping. I hope it works out for you in the end.  I'm sure it will!	labels:you there?	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHow are you doing today?	labels:not quite ok! my head keep ringing, breathing rate fast all i could think of was the occurrence.
text:What's the occurrence exactly that you are referring to?.	labels:caught my girlfriend cheating on me.
text:Oh wow! I'm so sorry! I can't imagine how you are feeling! Have you found anything to do to keep you busy? Or maybe some good distractions?	labels:no! all i think of is her, loved her wish she never did that.
text:Do you think you guys could reconcile your relationship? Is there any hope? Is she willing to work with you and work through her mistakes?.	labels:i wished we could, i just cannot get it of my mind.
text:It takes time. Sometimes, the best relationships occur when people work through the most difficult occurrences in their relationship. Have you tried talking to her? I would recommend talking to her when your emotions have settled.	labels:guessed you right, i just don't know if i can trust her, I don't think i can heal from the betrayer.
text:I would make a pros and cons list. If there are a lot of pros, I think it's worth a shot! Just give yourself time to process everything that has happened. You don't want to sit down and talk to her and let all your emotions come out. That could cause more harm. Just make a list and you'll have a better understanding of which direction you should go with your relationship!	labels:i understand, its just hard to trust when the trust is broken, hard to know what direction to turn to, forgive her or move on, to choose is just a hard decision. Guess i need to hear her own part of the story.
text:Yes. Give it time. Wait to hear her story. Make your pros and cons list. And see where to go from there. Be easy on yourself. It's okay to have hard days. Just give yourself time to heal from the hurt!	labels:I try working towards that, i just wish am back to myself soon because it has really affected me.
text:I am sure it has! Try to spend time with friends and family that can be there for you during this time. You need to lean on people when things get hard like this!	labels:wished i have friends i could trust, all just mock and wished you worse, hated being alive.
text:That's awful! You need better friends than that!! What about your family?	labels:Guess I'll go stay with them till i can get myself together.
text:That's a great idea! Family can be super helpful for you during this time!! Let me know if I can be  a supporter for you in any other way!	labels:Thanks' so much , you lifted my mood , you being really helpful.
text:No problem at all! Sending positive vibes your way!! You can get through this!!.	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:hi what's bothering you today?	labels:I’m upset.
text:everyone can be upset can you tell me more?	labels:I lost my job and I can’t find my dream job.
text:I understand loosing a job can be tough. but it's not the end of the road. you can take it as door closing and opening a new one.	labels:That’s true. How can I find my dream job? I broke up with my partner because of it.
text:have you tried looking to build your resume. i.e trying new jobs to get your dream job? I'm sorry to hear that you also broke up with your g.f.. but I'm here to help you get through it.	labels:I’ve tried a new job but it didn’t work. Should I do jobs that are similar to my dream job?
text:yes, it's better to star small and built your experience. the more experience you'll have the better chances you'll land your dream job.	labels:Thank you, what’s the best way to build experience?
text:compare what your dream job what's and try to get similar experience. if they want customer service then maybe land a job similar in that field..	labels:Okay, how would I get a job if I don’t have experience I. That field?
text:well to start. apply. prepare for your interview. make a good resume and cover letter.  the goal is to get experience any where you can go from their.	labels:I understand, work can be hard to find with the pandemic. I was laid off because of it.
text:yes it's tough maybe try going to school.	labels:I thought about that too but but, right now I don’t have that much money to go to school. Also idk what is my niche.
text:govt have loans to help you go back to school.	labels:Can you get a gov loan if you are outside of the country? Like Mexico for example?	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hello, are you there?\nHello how are you.	labels:I'm doing okay. How are you?
text:Great how is everything going for you.	labels:Not fantastic. I'm struggling in my job and I feel isolated every day.
text:Why do you feel isolated?.	labels:Because even though I work in a large school, I feel like if there are any issues in my classroom with students, no one will help me out.
text:I completely  understand. I don't worked at a school and the teachers did not receive much support. Is that what is making you stuggle at work?	labels:I don't understand your question.
text:Is it the lack of support at the school that is causing you to struggle?	labels:Yes. That's what I said.
text:Sorry I asked about the isolation and you mentioned the reason was the work. So im just trying to confirm your lack of support at school is the reason for your struggle. Does the feeling of isolation stem from that?	labels:Yes. I am feeling isolated because management at my work is not supporting me.
text:Understandable.Do they have any kind of help groups at your school? .	labels:Not really. They try to say that we should all make sure we are looking after our mental health, but they do nothing that would actually help us or give us a way to do it.
text:Is there something you have in mind that might help your situation and theyre not listening?.	labels:If a student is not focusing and causing disruption in a classroom, then I think they should definitely do something to help manage the beahviour of the student. Yes.
text:Agreed with 20 some students after repeatedly trying with a student you cannot keep stopping the lecture to discipline. Of course there should be some help in place.	labels:Okay. Do you have any support or advice?
text:Ive seen this first hand and teachers really have their hands full. I know most parents are busy, but have you tried to connect with the parents maybe they can step in and talk to their children.	labels:That's good advice and I have, but the parents are part of the problem. They care less than their own child.
text:There are also several community groups with different kids of occupations. Ive seen multiple ones for teachers helping each other by sharing their own methods. That might help with some ideas..	labels:That's also a nice idea. Thank you. Okay, thank you for your help today. Hace a nice day. Bye!
text:No problem. I hope you find some better ideas. You are not alone and remember you have one of the hardest jobs out there!	labels:Thank you. That helps to hear someone else say that. Have a good day. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you doing?	labels:I’m doing OK. I’m just a little anxious and nervous about my upcoming exams..
text:I am sure you are trying the hardest you can.	labels:I think I am. But these virtual classes are very difficult..
text:Have you tried looking for guidance from your peers?	labels:It is much easier to lean on other students when we are in a class. But with virtual, it is much more difficult..
text:I understand how you are feeling. It is nice to have somebody to lean on during difficult times.	labels:I just have to focus on my studies and not let what is going on impact my studies..
text:I believe in you and i think you will do great!	labels:Do you have any advice on keeping me focused?
text:What is your exam on?	labels:Economics and Business Law..
text:You should find a nice quiet spot to study. Maybe find something to feel you calm which will help you stay focused.	labels:Good advice. I usually study in my bedroom, but that leads to distractions, such as TV and others wanting to talk..
text:Also make sure you are comfortable and have good lighting. That should help to.	labels:Yes. I just have to buckle down and focus. Any advice for my anxiety?
text:Do you have any music you like listen to? I always find music to be calming.	labels:Yes. Good point. Might try some yoga too.. Thanks!
text:I hope i was able to help you and wish you best of luck.	labels:Thanks.  You definitely gave me some good advice. I appreciate it.. Enjoy your day..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, how are you?
text:Im am fine, How's things today?	labels:Stressful, but I have to deal with it. I can't afford to not be present.
text:I understand that many people now in these days are in a position where he or she needs to be at a location and that is stressfull.	labels:So i guess the point of this is for me to talk about what it is that I'm facing? I have to have a brave face for everyone because I'm in charge of young people. I have to be strong for them, but it leaves me feeling exhausted.
text:Being a father of two girls makes my skin cringe. Young people can be very challenging. Tell me more about this?	labels:I teach special needs students, and they definitely make me happy. It's a very, very rewarding job. However, with political division and COVID, it's hard to reach this population. Parents are not supportive. I feel like I'm being stretched so thin. I'm also a parent, and my son is doing virtual learning, so he's just as isolated.
text:I remember a time where learning crisis management that taking a deep breath and meditating in the positive work that you are doing can open up your mind to suggestions from your inner self. Have you ever thought that you superb skills can transmit in your home as well?	labels:Getting to that mindsight is challenging when the overwhelming feelings of 'failure' loom so heavily. I was seeing a therapist and making great strides, then he informed me that he was moving to a private practice. I cannot afford his sliding scale, and I feel let down. It's just that when one thing starts to go wrong, other things follow. Most of the time I see myself as a positive person that can work through challenging situations, but like you said it's a tough time for everyone.
text:So now that you understand that you have a awesome skill and that is being positive, build on this. What building blocks can you write down that has helped you pushed through the fire and keep it some where close to you to always give you piece of mind and reinforce your habits of pushing through the fire..	labels:Well, I am not one for journaling or anything. I try to stay active. I am about 6 months into remission from stage 4 HL (cancer) and it's been quite the emotional journey there. With that said, the mental and physical overhaul left quite a dent in my overall feelings about myself. I'm just now able to run again and in the past week I ran 2 5k's. To me, this was monumental and made me feel great. I'm also learning how to not overextend myself. I just keep hoping for continued improvement in all areas. The reinforcement is just that I can get through this, these feelings are only temporary.
text:I totally understand that you are not for writing things down to keep. Yet, you have gone through a alot of events in your life where other would have given up. The key is transmitting your successes regardless of the situations. COVID is not going anywhere and as a person who has beaten stage 4 cancer, it is scary to be living in these times. You are doing monumental things, never forget that because your feelings and stamina for living will bind everything together. Politics, is the dirtiest and no government can solve  and will solve the problems in the world. .	labels:thank you for listening. It helps to sometimes just get it out there. I have to go coach now (virtually). Have a great evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are we doing today?	labels:little depressed.
text:I am sorry to hear that youre feeling depressed, do you want to say whats going on?	labels:yeah, i broke up with my girl yesterday.
text:Sorry to hear, if you dont mind me asking, Why did the break up happen?	labels:she cheated me by having another relationship with her cousin. it feels so hurting.
text:I have been there myself with a cheating spouse, I know it is rough, especially so close to when it happened. I can assure you it does get better though.	labels:i can't bear her activity and when i asked about it she lies at me. and afterwards showing rude attitude towards me.
text:I think the best thing you can do right now is distance yourself from her. It sounds like she is acting toxic and you do not need that right now. I am happy to help and talk with you, but might i suggest going to a local therapist or counselor?	labels:yeah, i think so. but i can't control my sadness of being betrayed by my loved one.
text:It will take time, the best way to let it not control you is by talking about it. You gain control over it that way. Being betrayed by someone you love is one of the biggest heart breaks there is. You have to focus on yourself and healing that wound..	labels:but how can i get out of it, it does so hurting. we are in a relationship of almost 4 years.
text:It will not be a quick process that i can heal right now. The best way to get out of it is to see a professional. There are many out there that work on a sliding scale or even free. They will help guide you back to yourself.	labels:I think so, do i need to concentrate on the activities like achieve my goal.
text:Yes do you have any specific goals right now? or even hobbies you are working on?	labels:yes i need to get a good job.
text:I know its tough out there for that as well. I had gotten furloughed but i didnt let pride get in the way and took what i could find for now. Have you worked on your resume or updated it?	labels:yes am working in a restaurant as supervisor.
text:I worked in restaurants all my life. Its tough but rewarding. Have you looked into moving up from a supervisor? Maybe talk with your boss? Hello are you there?	labels:yes i wants to become a hotel owner.
text:Well you have the real world experience which is good. Have you thought about doing some classes at a local community college to help with that?	labels:yes i will.
text:That is great news! See we already got your mind off your girlfriend. You'll be back on your feet stronger than ever soon.	labels:yes, i think so... thank you for your suggestions.
text:you are very welcome. Is there anything else on your mind?	labels:not now.
text:Well, that is good, Just start focusing on yourself, my friend.	labels:yeah, thank you my friend.
text:Great, feel free to end the chat so you can get started on bettering yourself!	labels:ok friend thanks a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am well. You?
text:Great, thank you. What can I help you with today?	labels:My buddy can be an asshole when he is drinking.  I was just expressing his in the hit.  I guess you are to help me with that situation?  Not sure how you are supposed to do this but give it a shot.
text:Have you tried talking to him about his drinking? Is he otherwise a pretty good friend when he's sober?	labels:Yeah he is a good friend and it doesn't happen all that often but often enough.  He knows that he has to cut down.  He has talked about laying off the booze but once he starts, he is the kind that drinks to get drunk. How old are you and where are you from? male or female?
text:I'm a early 30s woman from Michigan, and I actually used to have a problem with my drinking as well. People kind of pushed the problem aside though because drinking is so socially acceptable. But maybe if you talk to him right after it's happened and offer to be a sober friend with him, it could help..	labels:I am not too far from you.  In Minnesota.  That is not bad advice and could probably help us both to cut back on the sauce a bit. We like our beer up here in the north. =0) What do you do for a living?
text:Yeah, I get that, that's why it was so hard for me to quit. I hit it pretty hard for 13 years before I finally got sober! It's a tough thing to do when everyone else is drinking. It's just getting to that realization that you don't have the same relationship as alcohol as everyone else. Hopefully if you have a chat with him he can get to that point. I'm just staying at home with my kid and homeschooling her right now since the schools are closed.	labels:That is noble.  This damn covid is sure a pain in the ass here and across the country.  Our school is going to all distance learning starting Monday. YUCK! Everyone will be home schooling.
text:Ours as well, I just decided to do homeschooling at the beginning of the year so that I wouldn't have to deal with all the back and forth of the districts. I'm hoping they can somehow get a handle on things sooner rather than later because everything is just getting so bad again..	labels:I agree with that.  Well nice chatting with you and I hope everything goes well for you and your kids.
text:Thanks, for you as well. Hope I could help a bit..	labels:I guess we have to have 10 messages. Thought we were close.
text:I think we are, I think this would be my 10th..	labels:ok. Good luck with your mturk earnings.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello. How are you doing today?	labels:I have had better days..
text:Would you like to talk about it?	labels:I could use someone to talk to..
text:I would love to listen. Where would you like to start?	labels:I’ve been feeling down since I broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years..
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Breakups are never an easy thing. I've also gone through those and they can make you feel awful.	labels:I’m just trying to pick up the pieces and look to be positive..
text:That's an excellent place to start. It's hard but I believe that you can do it. Do you have any family or friends that you've been speaking to about this?	labels:Thanks for the encouragement. That means a lot.. Any suggestions on how I can get my mind off of it?
text:Do you have any hobbies? I found that refocusing my energy into something I love doing really helped to bring my mood up.	labels:Great advice. I think I’m going to start up taking yoga again and catch up on some books I’ve been wanting to read..
text:Yoga is an amazing stress reliever. I practice myself! I like your game plan and I think you'll start feeling the results sooner than you think.	labels:I think I’m going to lay low on dating for a while..
text:I completely understand. You'll know when you're ready again and it's great to take things at your own pace. All that matters is to do things when you're ready to.	labels:How long do you think I should take a break for?
text:Honestly, that will end up being up to you. With my last big breakup, I didn't date for almost a year until I met someone. I would suggest at least a month or so to take some time for yourself and focus on yourself and what makes you happy so when you are ready to date again, you have a stronger sense of self.	labels:Thanks. That is great advice. I wouldn’t want to go into something just for the sake of dating..
text:Agreed. Taking the breather definitely helps.	labels:Sounds good. I will take your advice..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I have been feeling very overwhelmed with school.\nHello. I totally understand being stressed out by school. I am currently in a Ph.D. program and it can be overwhelming. Do you have any hobbies to help with your stress?	labels:I do like to read, but I haven't had enough time. I have been going on walks more frequently.
text:It sounds like you do a lot of activities that are solitary. Have you considered maybe partaking in a similar activity, like a book club, where there is more interaction with people?	labels:No, I did not consider that actually. I do enjoy my alone time since I am so busy and I have a toddler, but maybe doing something more sociable would be good.
text:Being busy, especially with having a small child can make you feel lonely, enhancing the stress you feel from school. Participating in social events geared toward your interest might be able to connect you to people with similar feelings!	labels:I think so too. I never thought of it like that.
text:I'm sure that you are trying your best to be both a good student and a great parent. It is understandable that you may not have considered those options.	labels:Yes I constantly think of my son and family, and I didn't think involving myself in sociable activities would be beneficial. I figured I really needed some alone time. I didn't realize I could be experiencing loneliness.
text:It is so admirable that you are acting so selfless. Are you aware of any activities that you can participate in that can include your family? It could be the best of both worlds.	labels:Yes, we like to go swimming at the YMCA together.
text:That is great! Physical activity has been shown to reduce stress levels. My sister-in-law really benefits from having her sons in sports. She is able to connect with the other team moms and considers them some of her best friends. Depending on your YMCA your son may be able to participate in some of their programs?	labels:Yes, and swimming is great exercise. And if we do that more we can spend more time together. I have been looking into putting him in soccer. He can start at 3 years old.
text:Soccer would be a perfect way for both you and your son to interact with other people of similar interests.	labels:I think so too. You gave me a lot to think about today that I didn't consider before.
text:I am glad to help, Hopefully, considering these options will not only reduce your stress from being busy with being a parent and with school, but it will also bring you closer to your child.	labels:Yes, and both of those are major goals of mine. But the stress sometimes feels inevitable.
text:Sometimes stress is inevitable. You just have to know how to channel it. Some use physical activity, others use journaling. These seem to be outlets you can consider?	labels:The physical activity for sure. I do so much writing with my Master's program. Sometimes I feel like my hand will fall off.
text:Physical activity seems to be the option you are most interested in. Have you considered setting daily exercise goals?	labels:Yes, I am a pretty active and fit person. Yes, I do try to go to the gym 3 times per week at least.
text:Having goals for a given day can help motivate you to do the exercises and keep your head cleared from stress.	labels:I agree. I will definitely start to engage in more activities with peers and more swimming with my family. Thank you for your advice!	episode_done:True
text:Hello I was wondering if I can discuss the effects of the pandemic have on my mental health.\nHello. How has the pandemic affected your mental health?	labels:Well, right now my city is undergoing a second wave and it was doing very well so far, but in the past two weeks, have been a slow and steady surge of daily cases. Just feeling stress and fear from the second wave.
text:I understand how hard living through this pandemic is. It is such crazy time! I also have felt fear and stress from the second wave of the pandemic.. It is natural to feel stressed when there is a global pandemic.. I am sure with the correct coping strategies you can handle this pandemic!	labels:yeah it's crazy. I am starting to feel paranoid and stressed everytime I go out for groceries. I work once or twice a week outside of the home and I generally get groceries once every two weeks, but my guard is up again, ever since the first wave was gone by the end of summer. I am also sorry to hear that you have stress from this. I sympathize fully.
text:I have been doing grocery pick-up because of the pandemic, so I sympathize with you..	labels:Thank you for the positive message and believing in me.
text:Wearing a mask and using hand sanitizer can keep you safe and healthy while grocery shopping..	labels:grocery pick-up, that's not a bad coping mechanism. I don't know, I don't want to spend the extra money for the special handling though, plus I just feel paranoid having someone touch my groceries. But that's just me. sanitizer I should probably get, just a disposable one to keep on me at all times.
text:Practicing mindfulness and going on a short walk in nature can help with your stress..	labels:yes that would help I suppose, just that I stopped going out, to the gym, movies, anything frivolous ever since the pandemic started.
text:At some grocery stores, they have made pick-up free due to the pandemic. You should look into that if you are interested in it..	labels:My life was put on a pause and I still can't believe it's november already.
text:I also have stopped going out since the pandemic started..	labels:ok, I will look into the grocery method.
text:Just from chatting with you, you seem to be very open to suggestions and are devoted to making it through these crazy times.. Has your work life been affected by the pandemic?	labels:so literally, I only go out for a purpose, meaning special errands like groceries and personal administrative tasks, banking, work, and only that. work life, let me think. I only started a new work in September, and it's not much (about two days a week), so I can't comment too much about that. It is stressful seeing more people than usual outside of my home and in such close quarters.
text:Yes, I also only go out for groceries and work. I only work with a few people, so that helps..	labels:so I get nervous in general when I am at work but I do my work just the same. May not be able to work as well because I have to breathe through a mask, and some other small difficulties.
text:That is good that you can continue to do your work the same..	labels:Thank you for all the positive messages so far and in understanding and sympathizing with me.
text:Is there anything else I should know about how the pandemic is affecting you?	labels:pretty much. If anything, it's my academic life at home that has changed not so well.
text:Are you a student?	labels:yes, I take online courses and I tend to procrastinate a lot more and get distracted as I find myself more and more at home. Just getting carried away and now have impending deadlines. I can get through it but it has had a toll on my productivity. I was just taking my sweet time with it and that wasn't good.
text:I am also a student and am not motivated to do school work at home, so I completely understand. I am sure you are successful at school!. Having a planner may keep you organized and on-task.. Dedicating a certain time frame and area for school work might help, as well. Dedicating a certain time frame and area for school work might help, as well.	labels:Because prior to the pandemic, I was pretty regimented with set schedules and can clear my mind with work-outs and going to the gym and movies, but now it's not that simple.
text:Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:Thank you and I hope your schooling goes well also.
text:Thank you, you too!	labels:yeah I like your idea of dedicating the time. I find that I am slacking off and being disorganized in areas like time management. So yes I have to improve on that. I suppose you have been doing your schooling relatively better in your situation? I hope you do anyhow.
text:Great ideas! Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:would you have any other advice on how to overcome things like time management with academics? like how to avoid procrastination? Because this was so much better in the past that I just had set schedules and can clear my mind by going out, etc. and feeling refreshed and feeling the urgency to study again. But that's gone for me now.
text:I would reccomend setting deadlines in your planner of when tasks need to be completed and also setting timers for 20 minutes at a time where you have to focus for that long before you can do any other task.	labels:Great, I think that's a good area for me to go into. Timers and set agendas.
text:Yes!	labels:like a timetable when they used to hand out when I used to be in high school, let's say. and this hour I do this, etc. and as you say, yoga or work out in between. all great ideas I think.
text:Yes, excellent!	labels:thank you for that. ok then. I think I am set now to get back to my studies then with a refreshed mind.
text:You are so welcome. Have a great day!	labels:Thank you for all your help. You as well and I hope your studies and work go well. have a great day also.	episode_done:True
text:How are you feeling?	labels:i feel depresed.
text:Why do you feel depressed?	labels:breakup with my partner.
text:Breakups can be really tough.  How long were you with your partner?	labels:3years of time we have been in love.
text:I once had a relationship end after 5 years with a partner.  Staying active really helped me get over the relationship.  Through that activity I actually met my new partner!	labels:but i love my partner so much that i couldnt forget her right now.
text:Have you thought about doing something fun, like taking a trip somewhere?	labels:yeah we went for trip we had a god relationship.
text:It's really difficult, but I know you can get through this!  What do you like to do for fun?	labels:we had enjoyment and romance.
text:Have you thought about fun activities you did without your partner?	labels:none i love her so much so i have not done anything without her.
text:What about before you met her?	labels:i was doing good.
text:What did you do for fun before you met her?	labels:sighting girls.
text:I loved doing that too!  Have you thought about going out and doing that with your friends now?	labels:yes. after having a chat with you i feel some goodness in me.
text:Good!  From talking to you I can tell that you have a lot of goodness in you!	labels:thank you so much.
text:You are so welcome.  I am so happy you are feeling better!	labels:Fine love you.
text:I hope you have a great day.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hello.
text:Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?	labels:Yes,i feel like i am in depsression.
text:Im sorry to hear that. What do you think may have led up to these feelings of being depressed??.	labels:My partner broke up with me impromptu.
text:Oh dear, yes that can be incredibly hard to deal with. Relationships are so full of emotion that when they end it can feel like chaos or despair. Ive been through a few bad breakups myself in the past so i know how you must be feeling right now.	labels:Exactly,that is my current situation.I feel like my entire life has been rearranged. How did you deal with them and specifically what was your coping mechanism?
text:Well to be honest in some ways your life has been rearranged, but thats okay. Its not EASY, but it is okay, or rather will be okay. experiencing life is just a big bunch of rearrangements that we learn to adapt to and grow from and even out of. Its what gives us depth and character as human beings. HA, well at first i cried and was mad and just moped and hated everything, but eventually i got tired of no getting anything out of my days. I slowly realised that i had put myself in slow motion and then slowly started to do things i used to do to maybe come out of it.	labels:True,what ways would you suggest i use to approach my situation and get out of this state? It is very pathetic really when you think of it,halting all your life activities and plans just because a relationship ended.
text:Well i had a close friend that i was able to vent to and help me see what was important. Do you have anyone close in your life you could talk to for guidance?	labels:Close friends can really be helpful in such situations.Yes,i do have a close friend even though i am very poor when it comes to opening up.
text:I see what you mean about pathetic lol. But rather than see yourself as pathetic in a negative, use that defiance to push yourself back out into the world. Start slowly with opening up, maybe even tell your friend you intent and ask them to be patient as you learn to better express your inner feelings.	labels:Yes,i should do that because at the end of it all i still have myself to take care of.
text:I think youre already on the right track. I just know you can get back to you!	labels:Opening up is a skill that i could do better at because i have never been the open type.But with a little practice i could get better at it. I have to get better no matter what.Are there other tactics you can share with me with regards to my current situation?
text:There are resources online that perhaps you could look into to help with expressing yourself.	labels:Is there any particular resource you can refer me to?
text:Yes just a moment.	labels:Waiting,thank you.
text:I was going to send you a few links but it wont let me.	labels:Ooh too bad. Could you just name a few then i can look them up on my own later?
text:instead try googling the phrase " how to open up to others" and there should be a few sites with tips and references.	labels:Ok that's rather helpful.
text:healthyplace.com has a good article.	labels:Will definitely check it out.
text:Im hope that i have been able to help at least a little bit.	labels:You have been of a very great help to me today. I feel better and ready to face the world.
text:Excellent! im so happy to hear that, Maybe next time youll be the one to inspire someone! Have a great rest of your day!	labels:I hope so too and wishing you a great day too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are we doing today?	labels:Hi ineed help, parents are putting to much pressure on me.
text:Im sorry to hear that your parents are putting to much pressure on you, do you want to go into further detail?	labels:Yes. For some reason my parents put so much pressure on me to do well in school its killing me.
text:I am sure they just want what is best, but i have been there as a teen as well. What matters the most is how you feel. Have you talked to them?	labels:No. i haven't im scared they will be so mad at me telling them how i feel.
text:Have you tried talking to a school counselor?	labels:No, i haven't but i will take your advice and talk to a counselor.
text:It is a good first step. Also depending how old you are some therapists work on a sliding scale or wave fees if you cant afford it. The counselor may be able to act as a mediator between you and your parents.	labels:That's great. it will definitely ease some tensions.
text:I wouldnt hold off to long as these types of problems tend to brew and just get stronger. I know you will feel better once you let it out there. I hope it is even helping now.	labels:I will talk to the counsellor first and see what they say.. i feel so much better now.
text:I am very happy for you.	labels:thank you. feel less pressure.
text:Is there anything else on your mind that i can help you with?	labels:no that's it. you've been very helpful.
text:Great, make sure you do it, it might be rough at first but stick with it and im sure youll do great.	labels:are you there?
text:Yes sorry, the communication program was lagging a bit..	labels:Thank you. i will do my best to get it off my chest. it is.  But thank you for our advice.
text:You are very welcome!	labels:thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:I feel sad.\nI am sorry to hear that. Do you want to tell me more about what is going on?	labels:im mad at myself for trusting him again.
text:What happened?	labels:he cheated on me.
text:I am so sorry about that. I would be sad and mad too.	labels:he ghosted and he was trying to get with other girsl on tinder. i wish he had the balls to actually do a proper break up he promised me he would never do that but ofcourse he lied.
text:I can understand how upset that must be.	labels:I know. why did he lied.
text:That's an answer we might never know.. What's something that would make you feel better?	labels:I should of left when he made my white coat ceromony after him after I worked my tail off for 3 yearts for it. im not really sure. i wish i can forget he exsisted.
text:That has to be frustrating. It sounds like you are angry. How long ago did all of this happen?	labels:a year ago its embarising to still be mad about it still. but he was my first everything.
text:It sounds like he meant a lot to you!	labels:yeah he really did he threw me away so easily.. i wish he could know if he felt sorry for the things he did. i wish i could know.
text:Do you want to talk to him again?	labels:im not sure I would proably cry and maybe he wont feel anything. thats a really good question.
text:What if you wrote him an email? Would that help?	labels:I doubt he would respond after all he ghosted me. damn im already crying.
text:I am so sorry. What would help you right now in this moment?	labels:im not sure I tried therapy and im already on anti depressents. i think im more at myself. mad. maybe crying is a good thing.
text:I know when I cry it sometimes helps me.	labels:I do feel better after crying. I dont know how to heal from it.. I found out he posted a pic with this girl and in in the past he would say that was stupid to do.
text:It takes time. You're grieving. It's hard. What about disconnecting from what he does?	labels:thats what ive been trying to do. each day is differnt.
text:It sounds like every time you find out something he is doing, it's hurting you even more.	labels:yeah. thats a good way to put it but each day is differnt. there are months that go by that I dont think of him.
text:I am proud of you for keeping going and moving forward. Day by day you'll get there!	labels:and sometimes when I think im healed a little thing comes and it feels like i fell apart. its not hard for guys to find me atractive but I wish I have the person he is in my head. but thats not reasonable.
text:That happens but more importantly you pick yourself back up! You'll find someone eventually!	labels:but for some reason I have hope that I will feel better. it taught me a lot like when someone isnt trying that I should leave. for that lesson ill be greatful. i feel a little better now.
text:That's great to hear! I am so glad you are feeling better!	labels:thank you i think im done for now.	episode_done:True
text:I believe that I can get over this time in my life but I need support.\nWhat are you having a problem with?	labels:My husband has cancer. I have been really depressed.
text:I understand how you are feeling.  My mom had cancer. It really helped me to join a support group.	labels:So how do you keep going without crying? How do I find a support group? I live in a rural place.
text:Crying is natural.  You have every right to have those feelings.  Don't try and stop yourself from crying.	labels:Ok. How do I not cry in front of him?
text:There are online support groups you could get involved with.	labels:Yeah but where do I find them?
text:You can google - online cancer support groups.	labels:It makes it tough because I don't make as much money as he does/ What kind of cancer di your mother have?
text:My mother had rectal cancer.  She went through a surgery and chemo and radiation and then she went into remission.	labels:Oh he has a 25 percent of remission.
text:If you are having problems with money you might be able to qualify for food assistance through the SNAP program. Hang in there, I know it is rough but there is hope.	labels:Yeah but food I can always get. Its paying the bills.
text:Hang in there, I know it is rough but there is hope.	labels:I know I will snap out of it and get my strength back. I always bounce back.
text:Remember, as much as you need to be strong for him - you need to take care of yourself extra special during this time. Remember, as much as you need to be strong for him - you need to take care of yourself extra special during this time.	labels:Yeah I have been. I am thinking about rewarding myself.
text:That's a great idea!  You deserve it!	labels:I really appreciate your help.
text:You are very welcome.  I understand how you are feeling.  I will pray for you.	labels:Thank you I guess I should be going.
text:Alright, hang in there.  You will get through this.  Best wishes to you!	labels:Same to you bye.
text:Bye.	labels:Hey one more thing can I talk too you again?
text:Right now?	labels:No another time.
text:I don't know if we are supposed to give out private information.	labels:That's ok bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:Doing well.  How are you?
text:Im great, whats on your mind?	labels:Have you experienced your partner cheating on you?
text:I actually have.	labels:Really? . What happened? .
text:Yes, my girlfriend of 10 years, 2 years after our first kid was born.	labels:After 18 months of trying, my marriage ended in divorce.
text:I know it seems rough right now, but it can be for the better.	labels:How old are your children?   It seem the children have it the hardest. It has been 2 years ago for me, and I feel soooo much better now. .
text:She was 2 at the time, so she really didnt know what was going on, Yes i do too. It is really a weight off you.	labels:Two, wow!  That is young. . How often do you see your daughter?. I have split custody, and have my son live with me every other week.
text:She lives with me, Im glad that you get to see your kid. I know sometimes that can go south quick. I am also glad that you are doing better now..	labels:Yes,  my ex and I both have to live in the same city for school for our son. . He is 14 now, and will be able to drive to school in another year.  .
text:Exciting and scary times. How do you feel about that?	labels:For 18 months, it was the lowest point in my life.   Now, looking back on it, I believe it was the right thing to do.  . I would never trust her again.   Onward and upward now!
text:Well, you did say it made you stronger. It takes courage to move past it.	labels:Yes, not sure if I will ever be married again.  . I wish you the best.  Keep your head up and look to the future.   Bye.
text:Well, no harm in taking this time to focus on yourself and your kid. As long as you feel happy. Thanks, take care!	labels:Make sure you seek a couselor if needed.   I had to go for 6 months to get my head straight.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:Hi. How are you? I’ve been better. Feeling somewhat down..
text:I'm doing well. What is going on? I'm sorry to hear that. I'm here to listen if I can help..	labels:I’ve been stressed out lately. I recently lost my job..
text:That is a very difficult situation. What has been stressing you out the most about losing your job?	labels:The uncertainty I guess. Especially during these times, I’m not sure how soon I will be able to find a job..
text:The uncertainty can cause a lot of anxiety. How have you been managing your anxiety?	labels:I’ve been trying to keep busy. Exercising, reading and spending time with family.. I’ve been looking for employment also..
text:Those all sound like great strategies! Have you considered talking to your local job recruiter to assist you in your job search?	labels:Not yet. I’m just going to collect unemployment and clear my head for awhile.. I’m rethinking my career..
text:Do you have a sense of what direction you are wanting to take your career?	labels:I’m thinking of starting my own business, but anxious about not having a steady income at this point.. Any suggestions?
text:I think it sounds like a great time to take a risk and try starting your own business. Maybe you can get a part-time job until you get your business off the ground. That way, you know you will have some income coming in..	labels:That’s not a bad idea. Right my unemployment check is enough, but who knows how long that will last.. What do you think? I think I will do some research and see what careers will fit me best.. Do you have any suggestions?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling?	labels:Hello, I am fine at the moment, but I just have a general sense of nervousness as I am not looking forward to facing up to academic deadlines. And I have a few assignments and two exams coming up (all to be done at the end of this and the next month)
text:You're feeling nervous because you have a lot to do this month academics-wise and you're worried you won't be able to succeed. Am I correct?	labels:Right, plus I am nervous because I am scared that I won't do as well as I would like under the constrained time and sporadic slacking off. Just that fear as impending deadlines come up. so I guess I need to feel hope and optimistic and renewed sense of wanting to work hard and do well.
text:I know exactly how you're feeling. I felt the same way until I made myself follow a strict studying regimen which helped a lot.	labels:I see. I am kind of doing that but I do get sidetracked from time to time. I get distracted by my computer and the TV, etc. It's on and off like that. I agree with you that I find that the method of following a schedule and regimen is useful to me.
text:I think it's great you're taking steps to try to help yourself. With a little more focus, I think you'll be able to succeed!	labels:And plus I find that when I drink coffee and become influenced by caffeine, I become euphoric and more focused for some reason, so that's one method I have used. Thank you for your trust in me.
text:Yes, apparently caffeine helps increase focus, as long as you don't overdo it.	labels:I guess also on top of the fear, I also feel a sense of disappointment because I am and have been a conscientious person, someone mature and responsible. true, very true. Like what also helps you? And can you elaborate on your strict regimen?
text:Yes, I can feel your disappointment in yourself just by speaking with you. Yes, I can feel your disappointment in yourself just by speaking with you.	labels:Thanks for sympathizing and understanding.
text:of course! I find doing an hour of work at a time without looking at my phone is very valuable. You can set a timer on your computer and put your phone in another room or on the other side of the room to minimize temptation.	labels:ok. That's true and I have to do more of that. Phone is also a big distraction for me. I heard that it's best to get it out of one's reach for best results. Timer, great idea.
text:Yes, I struggled with focus but once I put my phone away, my focus increased a lot.	labels:I think that's pretty good advice. I know which room I can do this, but just away from temptation plus having an alarm from the other room to go off after an hour or so of reading. ok, I will employ these methods more. Thank you for sharing these.
text:Of course! Is anything else on your mind?	labels:then hopefully after these two courses are done, I can have renewed faith and maturity after the new year and take new courses with better results. not much, just academic pressure and how to deal with time management and being contentious.
text:yes, that sounds like a great idea. It sounds like you're really trying to help yourself grow.	labels:Yes I hope so, because when I was younger, I used to be great at not being distracted so much in my studies and just bang it out real quick and well with my books. and all this is also worsened by the pandemic, I am afraid, of just not having a renewed from the indoor isolation.
text:yes, it's true people begin to struggle with focus as they reach young adulthood. I understand how you're feeling, COVID has affected me negatively as well but I'm just trying to look at the bright side.	labels:yes it has on us all. I guess the other thing is that my city has been doing fine so far, but just the past two weeks or so has been more and more cases, so just getting stressed and depressed with that and prospects of a second shut down. so yes, the second wave is here it seems (belatedly), but hopefully it doesn't get worse, because I have seen worse in other places right now.
text:Yes, I would suggest taking up yoga or meditation to lessen the stress COVID has on your brain.	labels:so I suppose just trying to cope with that also because I get nervous having to go out for work or errands, and I also have to write my exam outside of my home. ok. I could look into that. I work out in general, but have been slacking off on those ever since the pandemic started this year.
text:Yes, I'd recommend wearing a mask whenever you go out to lessen the chance of you contracting anything. At the moment, it's all we could do.	labels:yes and I have been and will continue to do that.
text:that's great!	labels:But aside from these stressors, I think I have a better idea now on how I should proceed, starting today.
text:that's amazing, I'm glad I could help put your mind at ease.	labels:not that I haven't, but just with more renewed faith and having fresh priorities in my head. yes thank you very much for listening and understanding with my issues.
text:Of course, sometimes we all just need to talk to someone.	labels:your input has been helpful and it does help for me to kind of vent out on what has been bothering me. yes so true. Thank you for that.
text:of corurse!	labels:alright then. I will continue my day from here then. Thanks again, and good luck with your endeavours!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?	labels:hi. feeling little depressed.
text:I see you're feeling down today. What has you feeling that way?	labels:my close friend's death makes me feel depressed.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. I've had someone close to be pass away recently and it can feel unbearable.. What ways are you trying to cope with losing your friend?	labels:yeah it dose. yes it does. I consequently felt so sad. and i can't get out from his thoughts.
text:What kind of thoughts are you having?	labels:i have the thoughts like he is still existed with me.
text:You feel like he's still with you. There are experts that suggest the spirit lives on after death..	labels:and whenever im trying to sleep, i suddenly wake up in the middle. i dont know why i am so scared of these things. but i became super alert all over the night. without sleeping.
text:It sounds like you're afraid of the unknown. That can be be terrifying.	labels:yeah, maybe. i think that he is sit before me and talk with me. sometimes laugh at me.
text:Do you think he talks with you while you're sleeping?	labels:i don't know, but i am so scared at night being alone in the room, where we share it before he died.
text:Is there anyway possible, maybe you're dreaming?.	labels:no im not dreaming at all. i suddenly feel nervous and sweating sometimes.
text:Do you feel like you're being haunted? Do you think you're friend wants to harm you?	labels:no i don't think he wants to harm me, rather he try to talk with me.
text:I see. It may be difficult, but have you tried to put you're fear aside and listen to what he needs to tell you?. I see you're deeply bothered by your friends death. I know it would be hard, but possibly try to remember your friend wouldn't hurt you and find what your friend wants to convey to you.	labels:yeah i will. try.	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm stressed and anxious today.
text:Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. What's going on?	labels:Just financial problems.
text:There's a lot of that going on these days, it can be rough. I know how you feel. Do you have any plans you want to put into play to solve the problem?	labels:I'm attempting to sue money and pay off my debts and hopefully everything will get sorted out. save*
text:It seems like you've got some good plans in the making. So you're trying to save and reduce your debts as much as possible right?	labels:Yes.
text:That's great to hear. Do you have anyone close to you that can help you out in a bind?	labels:My mom has helped loan me money to pay bills that are about to be cut off. Just a small bit though. It has helped a lot though.
text:That's excellent! It's always great to have someone you can depend on. I feel like that gave you some relief.	labels:It has for sure. Another thing that's bothered me is my dad passed away 3-almost 4 years ago. He was my rock and would help me out in any situation. So in hard times like I'm in right now, if he was still here I know he would help me.
text:Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. I bet that makes things tougher. I have no doubt you'll overcome these hurdles in due time. Nothing lasts forever, that includes bad times..	labels:Yes exactly, thank you :)
text:Are you working right now? And if so is the job secure and pay pretty well?	labels:Yes, I am working right now. Thankfully it is secure and pays alright. My boyfriend lives with me and does side work. So he helps when he can..
text:Oh that's good! I'm in the same situation. My job pays pretty well and my boyfriend helps. We're both working from home right now with everything going on..	labels:Yes, that's another reason Im on MTurk. Trying to make some extra! I wish I could find a part time job working from home. I did work for the Census but its ended.
text:Well I have no doubt everything will work out great for you, just keep your head up. It's been so nice talking to you, I hope I've been of some help.	labels:I appreciate it! Thank you, its always nice to talk to someone..	episode_done:True
text:hi how are you.\nHello. I am doing well. How are you feeling today?	labels:my friend stood me up and i went alone on a trip she was to go with me. I eneded up flipping all the cost and she is bad mouthing me she stood me up because she was drunk she has a drinking problem. not good. since i told her that drinking is more important to her now she is talking bad about me but she is the one with the problem.
text:It sounds like you are very stressed out by the situation. Have you explained to her that her excessive drinking is causing problems?	labels:yes but i am the bad one she turns everything around.
text:Why is she turning everything around on you?	labels:she is now also spreading mean rumors about me and dragging my daughter into this. I do not know why, maybe so she does not have to admit that she is wrong. she is like a narzisist.
text:That sounds horrible especially that she is dragging your daughter into it.	labels:Yes it is.
text:Could you suggest she talks about her issues with a specialist?	labels:I have done that but she will not admit that she has issues, I hear that she falls of chairs in bars on a regular base. so maybe it is good to not have contact with such an individual.
text:That is good that you have suggested it to her already. Hopefully she will eventually realise.	labels:yes. thanks for listening.
text:Correct me if I am wrong, but were you meant to go on a trip somewhere with her?	labels:yes i was I ended up going alone.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How can I help you today?	labels:Hi, I have a situation which makes me very sad. This is about my dad. He is an old fellow and alone so i made him move in with me.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you have a sad situation happening with your dad.	labels:I take all responsibilities - including financial. But i find him very dry with his emotions. Today,i fell unwell and i wanted to go take a covid test. but, he just brushed it off saying, its a mild flu. He showed no emotions at all. or concern.
text:That sounds like quite a challenge for you.  You seem to care so much.	labels:He simply told me, its a waste of money to go get checked. I know that old people sometimes act childish. But his dry behaviour makes me very sad. sometimes this leads to a fight.
text:That must be hard to hear when you are trying so hard to do what's right. I also am struggling to convince my father to stay away from crowds because of COVID.	labels:Sometimes this behaviour of him leads to a fight. and i end up crying! Untop of it, i feel awful because i end up yelling at home too. Is it normal to yell at parents? My dad simply won't listen. Is it normal to have a fight with your parents?
text:I'm sorry you have to go through this. .	labels:I feel guilty to fight with him.
text:Perhaps you can take some time for yourself with a friend?	labels:Do you suggest anything else? Yes i could do that. But that won't resolve my issue. What do you suggest?
text:As my father is getting older, he is often frustrated. It's harder to move, you have more aches and pains and this virus is scary.	labels:How should i deal with him? True that.
text:Perhaps you could suggest him taking some deep breaths to calm down.	labels:It's very hard to convince him of anything. He thinks he is always right.
text:I understand as my father is the same way.  I often have to just hear him out and take time away in another room.	labels:It's hard on me, because i have a child to look after too. And my dad keeps interfering in my parenting with my child.
text:Do you have any other family support who understands your position?	labels:It's hard honestly. My spouse and me are separated.. And i have a child who stays with me.
text:Perhaps there is some support in your community?  I have a child with autism and my father doesn't understand the behaviors and is critical of my parenting too.  I often seek support from an autism group with parents in my position.  Perhaps there is a group of single parents you could gain support from?	labels:I have a six year old child. Yes, maybe i would look for some support groups somewhere.. Autistic child must be huge challenge i am sure.
text:It sounds like you are really trying hard to do the best you can. .	labels:Sometimes i suggest to my dad that he should seek therapy. But he won't listen at all..
text:That must be frustrating that you try to have him seek therapy, but he doesn't want to follow your suggestions.	labels:Yes, i would have joined a support group. But, this covid won't let me now. I have to be very careful since i have a child and dad at home. I step out only for necessities.
text:Do you think communicating in a different way like writing may help? Have you tried different ways to communicate?	labels:It would be awkward since he is in the same house. But i could try sending a text message. That's a good advice.
text:Do you think maybe some way of showing you care like making dinner or something encouraging him in a way he likes could help?	labels:Yes, could work. I will try that. Thanks for the advice.
text:You are welcome.  I wish you well.  Have a good night.	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:I'm so worried about my child who has so much homework and despite studying all night still is struggling.\nHello! How are you feeling today?	labels:I'm a bit worried today and nervous.
text:You are a very good parent to care and worry. I get it, I am a mom myself! Is your child doing digital learning or in person?	labels:It's actual a hybrid which is challenging.  2 days in school and 3 days at home.
text:I can see how that is challenging. Is it the same teacher for both?.	labels:She has about 9 teachers and it's only 6th grade.
text:That has to be really frusterating not having just one teacher you can go to in order to see if there is anyway to help your child not struggle.	labels:I want to push her to keep working, but also want to give her a break from all the work.  There is so much homework for a little child.
text:Perhaps you can find out which classes your child struggles with and contact the teacher(s) or school to set up a conference? I know some schools even have peer tutors they say help pair students with!.	labels:I'm thinking about tutoring possibly but being home and going to school it is so overwhelming already and to add tutoring to the list is another question for me.
text:My children are five and eight. My eight year old spent about ten hours doing digital learning the other day when in-perosn was closed. I was so frusterated. I let her pick a movie and snack when she was done to reward her for finishing..	labels:Yes, we've had some months worth of snacks!  Good thing for Burger King!
text:Have you looked into any edulational or learning games? There is nothing wrong with rewarding your child for doing good in school or getting thier work done! :).	labels:That is a good idea.  I wonder if they have one for vocabulary as that is the test tomorrow!  She says she loves them. I'll have to look!
text:I have done that with my kids. Technology is such a huge part of children's lives these days, they will play a videogame in a heart beat. I don't think they even realize they are learning sometimes!	labels:I have to do some research though and doing this x 3 kids is draining on top of work.
text:check out the website adventure academy. They have things for all ages/grades!.	labels:Thanks so much for all your help!  I'm feeling somewhat better and encouraged! Have a good day!
text:I'm glad I could help! You too!.	labels:Actually I have one more question.
text:okay, what is it?.	labels:Do you think I should feel guilty for making her study?
text:I think it is natural for a a parent to feel guilty when they are having thier child do something the child doesn't want to do. i think the benefits outweigh the negatives though. i think finding a way to make studying fun could be a win-win. you are a good parent for wanting the best for your child!	labels:Great advice.  Thanks again.  Take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nGood afternoon, how are you doing today?	labels:i am feeling ok, how about you.
text:I am well thank you, how can I help you this afternoon?	labels:I am feeling depressed.
text:Oh no, I am so sorry you are feeling like this. What is bothering you?	labels:trying to find a job during this covid time, it's really hard.
text:Yes, it is very hard during this time and your feelings are valid. What are some ways that you have searched?	labels:I am trying all the job sites, i am subscribed to them so i get emails every day. I am either unqualified or inexperienced.
text:I understand. That will happen and it isnt anything personal. You have to stay positive. Do you have an updated resume?	labels:Yes. i won't give up of course, but i am very anxious about bills and my rent. i am a single mother with 1 daughter.
text:That is a blessing in itself, having a daughter and being a mom. I know you are a great mom! Have you tried some online courses that may give you a little more experience?.	labels:No, money is a big issue. I have no extra for courses.
text:I totally understand that. There are some free courses online that can be used or perhaps going in person (staying as safe as possible) into your local food store, clothing  or pet store and having a chat with the manager.	labels:That is a good idea but I am very claustrophobic when i wear a mask (makes my anxiety go way up) even though I do wear the mask when i go out. I wish I could find more jobs to do from home, that is my dream.
text:The masks make a lot of people claustrophobic so i know how you feel but the good thing is that you're wearing it and staying safe for you and your daughter. I feel like working from home is everyone's ideal dream job and those are out there as well, they may just take a little longer to find.	labels:i know i am trying to stay positive, its just a struggle every day.
text:Have you tried yoga exercises or meditation? That sometimes helps to clear and refresh the mind.	labels:I have tried a few meditation apps on my phone, i never know if i am doing it right.
text:Thats ok as long as you try doing it, eventually you'll be perfect at it. Is that what you do when you're feeling down and out?	labels:Thank you for chatting with me and for your great ideas and helpfulness, it made me feel better.
text:I am so happy to hear that. You are wonderful and you have a little person that needs you. Things are going to get better, just make sure you remember to stay positive.	labels:Thanks again, you stay safe too. :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how can I help you today?	labels:Hello, I am taking two courses online now that are nearing their end, one at the end of november, and one at the end of December. I guess I am just scared and stressed out about not doing well.
text:I have been in that same situation before! I had the exact feelings you are! But after realizing how much I studied it helped me relax. Have you talked to your teachers about your worrying?	labels:I see. My problem right now is that due to the pandemic and having a lot of time to myself and getting restless, I tend to waste a lot of time doing other things, and procrastinating. So I am catching up and I know I can finish them, but just that I could have done better, so there's an element of guilt and shame involved because I am not happy with my actions on how I handled my studies. No, not yet. It's distance education so it's mostly me studying on my own time (each course runs at a max duration of six months), but I have reached out to them regarding some assignment and exam questions. But I do appreciating your sympathetic tone and that you've gone through this also. And also I go through things slower and things become more sluggish and not really motivated, whereas before I was faster and more productive and really interested in learning and trying to finish assignments etc as quick as I can, and not take the full 6 months of course deadline.
text:From what I have seen, people who have noticed they are having issues tend to come out ahead! Its great that you are thinking about how to get through this. I also get into slumps with being productive and motivation, I was told when that happens that I just need to take a step back and relax for a little bit.	labels:I see. I do see a problem and just last week I kind of started to prioritize things and take things more seriously, as the deadlines wind down. I am a little behind schedule, but not severely. yes I do that too. I understand what you mean. The problem with me is I alternate with relaxation with studying too much, and blurring those lines too much. But yes, I have been going back on track since last week and hope it's not too late to catch up.
text:That's really great! I bet you are closer than you think to finishing those deadlines.	labels:the stress and panic of the last minute crunch has worked in the past for me in becoming more conscientious. Thank you. I appreciate your input so far.
text:When you are usually in a last minute crunch, what do you do to get past it?	labels:I really really try to focus and just put all distractions away. Drink coffee, sleep less, and just get it done with less distractions with only the outcome and goal on my mind. It usually works and I did that for example, yesterday. So most of my day at home yesterday was spent on studying, and not so much on other preoccupations.
text:I know some people look for tutors, or others taking the same classes for inputs on work that has to be turned in. Is there an easy way for you to put the other preoccupations to the side so they are not so distracting?	labels:yes I understand that too. I tend to be more solitary in nature. For me, I talk to my friend for help, a really close friend for advice and my troubles. But most of the time, I get through these logistical and existential problems myself. Not so much that I don't know how to do them or understand the courses or how to do the assignments, but just help on time management and organization. yes I can do that.
text:Thats good! I bet that would help out a lot, that tends to be the case for me!	labels:It's harder now though because I am just trapped at home, and plus a lot of my course materials are on the internet and on my laptop (distance education), and so I need to kind of focus on not clicking other stuff (including this website, etc). yeah that's good to hear but I think you asking these questions does make me focus more on what questions I need to ask myself. like can I put this stuff away, etc.
text:Thats good, research has shown that moving our distractions to the side allows us to focus more on the task at hand!	labels:Also, with being at home all the time, time is warped for me, such that time passes really fast even though it's been many hours. And I then realize the time wasted, etc, just some observations. ok, will do. I think our conversation so far has been fruitful in that I have a better idea on what my priorities ought to be. In fact, me chatting with you right now is just because I am on a self-imposed break, and not a diversion.
text:I am glad to hear that! I bet you can get those deadlines finished no problem.	labels:sure. I will do that and I hope you're right. like passing, I could, but at the same time I don't want to just pass the courses barely. I am not a terrible student, but just disappointed because I ought to know and do better. But yes, I think I am ready to take on the challenge and burden again and thanks a lot.
text:I am glad I was able to help, You got this, I bet you don't have this issue again.	labels:for reassuring and pointing out certain things for me. thank you. I really appreciate your help and understanding, even though we just met. Alright, I think I am good to go then, but your input is much appreciated.
text:Well thank you! Let me know if you need help with anything else!	labels:no this is something I have to take on from here. But thank you very much for everything! Have a good day then!
text:You as well!	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there how can I help?	labels:I'm feeling so worried about the COVID-19 crisis.
text:So you feel anxiety about this whole COVID-19 epidemic?	labels:Yes, I'm particularly worried about my parents. One is on oxygen at night, but he still doesn't want to listen about not going in crowds.
text:Oh well I understand your concern then.  As a son or daughter it is certainly reasonable to be concerned about your parents especially as they grow older.  I have a similar situation with my own mother.	labels:I just don't know what more to do.
text:Well first of all, you have to take care of yourself because if you don't you can't help them.  So just take a moment to close your eyes and take some deep breaths and realize you stressing is probably going to make them stress.	labels:That is helpful information.  What can I tell them?
text:Well if you can get some concrete info such as from the CDC and John Hopkins showing case counts in your area.  Show them graphs so they can visually see the impact.  Also if you can get a hold of their doctor yourself, see if you can convince them to give your parents a call, say to check on them and give them some advice.	labels:That sounds like a good plan.  Is there anything else I can do to decrease the anxiety for me?
text:Don't get absorbed in the numbers, it can drive you crazy.  Also if you are using social media like twitter and getting inundated with info, remember a lot of it is fake.  I would suggest limiting exposure for a little while just to get you fixed a little bit, if that makes sense..	labels:Do you think there are some good social media sites that could help?
text:Not particularly social media because it open to everyone, just pick and choose where you choose to get info from.  The CDC is a great resource as well as the John Hopkins site which has been tracking since the beginning.   Everybody has a couple of news outlets they trust, use those.	labels:How can I cope with limiting my visits with my parents because I am afraid to spread COVID?
text:First of all you are not alone.  but don't let them see you anxious for sure.  You can also show them if they can how to do video visits.  You can do that all the time, even phone calls every day.  It means a lot.	labels:That makes sense.  I appreciate the suggestions.  How can I show them the kids care too?
text:Nothing will make grandparents smile more than seeing their grandkids on a video call.  If you don't want to bring them when you physically visit have them record themselves on your phone as an example.	labels:Maybe I can send them some pictures too.  Nothing like a great big hug, but for now some video chats and pictures or recordings may help.  I'm starting to feel a little more relief.
text:Of course.  I don't know if they dressed up for Halloween, but see if they want to dress up and take some pictures for grandma.  Pictures and voice and video are wonderful in these times.	labels:Thank you so much for helping.  I think I can use your advice.  Take care and have a great day! .	episode_done:True
text:Hello?\nhello. how have you been feeling lately?	labels:Tired. I want to sleep all my problems away.
text:how long has this been going on?	labels:Well the boyfriend for awhile the other thing for a day or two. I got a hold of a therapist but they won't talk to me for two days.
text:that's very good that you are going to talk to a therapist.  you showed great strength by reaching out.	labels:I am hoping it helps because I feel helpless, especially today and on edge.
text:have you been sleeping mostly during the day, or at night?	labels:I can't sleep through the day because I have kids but when my ex gets home I just go hide and try to sleep so it's typically late afternoon.
text:it sounds like you are doing the very best you can under difficult circumstances.  you should feel very proud about that.	labels:thank you. i feel very tired tho. i feel like i want every day to go by faster. the relationship i am in is a long distance relationship and i am supposed to go home to see him in ten days and i just want them to be over..
text:it sounds to me that your sleep issue is really weighing on your mind.  you may be setting yourself up for sleep issues by thinking about this so much. is that possible?	labels:yes it may be. i'm not sure. i sometimes wake up panicking.
text:you're under a lot of pressure.  it's only natural that you would feel overwhelmed.  dont be hard on yourself.  you're doing the best you can.	labels:thank you. that is very supportive. i just dont know how to make the next ten days go by faster.
text:perhaps you can spend some time doing pleasant things.  it is true that time seems to go fast when we're having fun.	labels:that's true. i thought about maybe playing video games.
text:fantastic! that's a great way to spend your time.	labels:maybe overwatch. i haven't been playing them much.
text:i'm wondering: are you a reader? do you enjoy reading? i'm asking because i find when i read a good book, time seems to move very quickly.	labels:i am. but i have a hard time focusing as of late.
text:perhaps you can make a goal of reading a few pages and then see if you can build on that.  then,if you want, you can make a goal of reading a chapter.	labels:that's a great idea. that may help a lot with focus.
text:personally i love reading; especially non fiction. what type of books do you enjoy?	labels:dystopian fantasy style books. and also historical nonfiction.
text:i enjoy historical non fiction very  much.  do you have any favorite authors?	labels:lauren destefano. her series the chemical garden trilogy is my favorite.
text:has she written anything you haven't read yet that you think you would enjoy?	labels:that's also another good idea. i haven't read all of her bookis .
text:do you live near a library?	labels:i do but they're closed because of covid.
text: there may be some libraries in your area that are open, or have reduced hours.	labels:i can try. the bookstores are open.
text:wonderful! do you live near a book store?	labels:sorta but not that close but i can take the bus out there.
text:you can call the store and see if they have anything written by your favorite author.	labels:that's a great idea.
text:getting back to the sleep issue, have you considered thinking some pleasant thoughts before going to bed?.	labels:i try but i get too stresed.
text:i can understand that.  the stress is interfering with your thoughts but you are still doing a good job. you are doing the best you can do; that's the best anyone can do.	labels:thank you. that's true..
text:i'd like to offer a suggestion.  please try, as best as you can, NOT to think about the sleep issue.  millions of people have sleep issues. you are not alone.  try thinking about other things, and if your mind comes back to the sleep problem, try thinking about something else.	labels:thank you i will take that advcie.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Anyone there?\nHello there. How are you doing today?	labels:Oh hello. I'm doing okay. How are you?
text:I am well thanks, what can I help you with today?	labels:I came here because I am feeling quite hopeless. Life seems bleak. I feel as though there is nothing to live for and I will never be happy.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. I understand, things can be tough sometimes..	labels:I don't know how to be happy. What do I do. Ok.
text:Have you reached out to people who may be feeling the same? I know that has helped me when I have felt down. It is not easy, I know, but sometimes taking a small step can make all the difference.	labels:I don't like to bother people who are feeling the same way. I don't want to be a burden on them.
text:I understand. Do you want to tell me more about what has been on your mind?	labels:Sure. Everyday feels pointless. I wake up, do nothing, go back to sleep. Even when I do things it still feels pointless. I feel like life is meaningless and I would be better off dead. I want to be happy, but I feel like I can never be happy. If I can never be happy, then what's the point of being alive?
text:I really do understand. It is very strong and brave of you to speak up. I have suffered depression myself in the past and one thing that truly helped was going to see my doctor and talking it though with him. He suggested medication and after some trial and error I found one that worked. You must be so strong to have dealt with the way you are feeling for so long. Please know there is help out there. I know from experience. You are a person of worth.	labels:Oh my gosh you are an amazing person. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello I am here to help you, what's your problem?	labels:I have a licensure exam coming up that I must pass at a 90% score. I have dealt with test anxiety all my life (mind goes blank, difficulty concentrating with noise) and I have to take my exam in a testing center around other people next week. I am extra worried due to COVID. This is a 6 hour exam - what are ways I can calm myself at the exam and succeed?
text:First of all, you can bring some snacks and water. having an empty stomach will distract you from the exam.	labels:If you were about to take the most important test of your life (ha!) what would you suggest I do to organize my review the days before the exam? Do you have any study suggestions that have worked for you?
text:I have been in that situation many times. From my own experience, yes you should review as much as you can. However, relax the last 2-3 days to not overwhelm yourself. You should also do image training, imagine yourself in the test room, plan ahead what you will do like write your name, open the exam booklet...	labels:You give good advice, how have you grown into a calm, cool person? :) What obstacles did you have to overcome to get to this level of chill?.
text:It takes alot to grow into that kind of person, I'm not there yet. I find it vital to understand this, you cannot control everything. As long as you try your best, whatever the outcomes are, they all serve a purpose. When one door closes, the others will open.	labels:That is really helpful advice. I think part of my problem is that I still think I can control every detail and need to learn to let things happen once the ball is in motion. For an exam, I want to do so well because so much is riding on it and that freezes me into trying to control for all outcomes... when really, I can only control myself.
text:You are right, I also want to be in control of my life. However, as I grow older, I realize that is impossible. Whenever you feel stressed over life issues, I would recommend taking a walk in the park or anywhere with a lot of trees to clear you mind.	labels:I will definitely arrive early to the test center and walk the campus before going in. Get enough to eat beforehand and bring my snacks so I can focus just on the exam. I'm writing all of this down so I don't forget. It is a shame we can't save the chat. Thank you for being my peer-supporter, today. You have been a huge help!
text:sounds like a great plan, i believe you will do well. Is there anything I can help you with?	labels:Do you have any ideas on what I should about sanitizing my workstation at the exam center? I will be around other people and someone will have used my computer before me. I don't think they are cleaning the stations before the next user.
text:Buy some alcohol wipe, you can find it at the grocery store, make sure to come in early enough to do that.	labels:Alright. I think the proctors will allow it as long as I don't have a bulky bag with me. Maybe some I can just slip into my pocket. Anything too fussy might be cause for them thinking I am bringing answers in with me. I don't have much else to ask about, these were my main concerns.
text:I believe they sell individual packs of 10 wipes too.Good lick with your exam!~	labels:Thanks to your help, I believe I will do well next week. :). Maybe you should be a counselor, if you aren't already. :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi,\nHello, how are you doing?	labels:Hello.. I'm good.. Thank you.. How are you?
text:I am okay. Windy day here.	labels:ok. I wanted to talk about the highly anxious and nervous situation I was in some time back.
text:Please tell me about it.	labels:It was due to my work environment. I was given a responsibility, which I wanted to produce good results. So, I ended up working too much time for several months and ignored everything else, including my health. This alienated me from my friends and family. Because of that time period, to this day, I'm not as close as I once used to be with my friends.
text:I had that tendency too, work was very important to me, sometimes to the detriment of my relationships. Tell me more about the lack of closeness. What's different?	labels:yes. I miss out on key moments and I felt left out.
text:Is there any way to speak to them directly about how you feel about that time... tell them what your feeling. People who care for you can be very understanding.	labels:hmm yes.. I agree.
text:You don't have to make a big deal about it but I have found that a low key discussion can change things for the better.	labels:yes. And I will be happy to make more time for friends and family as well.
text:Plus at least you will have stated how you feel and no matter the outcome you can feel like it's been addressed.	labels:yes.
text:I have found that if something has been bothering me, just dealing with it somehow will make me feel better and enable me to get on with the good aspects of my life.	labels:True. I feel like I should try that.
text:Good luck. A friend of mine used to say "action alleviates anxiety" and Ive found that helpful.	labels:True. This really helped. Thanks for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you feeling today?	labels:sad and lonely.
text:I see you are feeling sad and lonely, is there anything going on right now to enhance those feelings?	labels:The election and COVID are making it worse.
text:There is a lot going on right now, but i see you said its making it worse. What may be the root cause?	labels:I have no one to share my deepest feelings with at this moment..
text:I understand having it seem like there is no one to talk to. I am here and there are others. I believe you can find an outlet to share.	labels:Where do you suggest I look?.
text:I would first start to try and feel connected. There are many online forums, that perhaps you can join in on things that interest you.	labels:How about local groups? How do I find someone with like minds?
text:Local, and safe, meetings are a good start as well. Have you tried looking for any online local spots? Or in a local news paper? Its great you are coming up with ideas already.	labels:I really like to play tennis. That may be a good spot. Have you tried Tinder or Match?
text:Those are more for a quicker deeper connection. I would try to cast a broad net. Maybe with Meetup or Nextdoor..	labels:What is Nextdoor?
text:It is an app to get you connected to your local community and neighbors.	labels:That sounds great. Does it have special sections for specific groups?
text:I believe it does have subsections but it is more of a general hang out for neighbors to keep up with each other.	labels:That's cool. I should check it out. I feel like a book club would help. Do you like books?
text:I do love books. They are a great way to get connected with yourself and enhance your creative side! I bet you could find a local book club on one of those apps.	labels:For sure. Books are great. You have been very helpful. What's you first name so I can thank you properly?
text:Rachel, and no need to thank me! Being able to help is the greatest reward!	labels:Thank you Rachel. Best of luck to you. I'm going to end it now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you today?	labels:I'm not good today. Not good at all.
text:I'm here to listen, Tell me about it.	labels:I feel extremely scared. Honestly, I felt relief when he left. That he finally did the thing both of us were scared to do. But I was with him for so long. I grew up with him. I don't know how to live by myself.
text:Why do you think you find yourselves in this situation?	labels:Because he was my life. I spent every waking second with him. He cleaned the things I couldn't. He did the things I couldn't do. I have to basically re-learn how to live by myself again. It's really scary, you know?
text:I can understand your feelings right now, It's hard to ignore all those memories and moments. What bothers you the most? living alone or not having him?	labels:It really is. I don't know how to go on. I've never been through a breakup like this before. I'm scared I'll never be able to find someone else or even think about dating anyone else. Probably living alone and being on my own. I don't really miss him honestly. I miss the comfort of having someone take care of me. We fell out of love awhile ago.
text:Hmm, First of all stop being scared. You can do it on your own. I know that's scary for you, but what's the meaning of life without being scared and have our feelings?	labels:That's very true. I have to think about the future. I can do it on my own. I just have to think...this is the worst it'll ever be.
text:But you should start to take control over your feelings at first, you are the boss and you give the orders! Slowly but surely you find yourself in a better mood. You said you felt relieved, and that's an opportunity.	labels:I will try. If anything, I can find myself through this instead of relying on another person. Definitely an opportunity. Thank you for hearing me and making me feel better about everything.
text:You are free now, Do what makes you happyYou and only you can underestimate yourself, stop doing it.	labels:That's great advice. thank you so much.
text:Don't you think anybody have ever experienced this?They did and they took control, so you can do it too.	labels:That's very true, I'm not alone.
text:I hope you feel better now and DECIDE to alter things, tomorrow is a new day.	labels:You've made me feel a million times better, thank you so much. Tomorrow is a new day.
text:And don't worry, life is full of surprises, maybe you find love one day.	labels:You're right. I will.
text:If there is anything else I can help you with.	labels:No there is not. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me today.
text:Thank you for sharing your feelings with me, Good luck with your future endeavours. Bye.	labels:Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:i am unsure if my marriage will work. we fight and argue all the time and don't get along.\nwhen did you start having these feelings?	labels:about 3 months ago.
text:is there something specific that began around that time?	labels:i lost my job due to covid and my husband had to get another job while i stayed home with my son for school online..
text:That is a difficult and trying situation during unprecedented times. This is a temporary situation that will improve in time.	labels:im not sure about that but i pray it will. thank you.
text:No one ever could have imagined that this would be how we are having to do things.	labels:yes its crazy but i am praying my way though it all.
text:have you considered discussing your feelings with your husband?	labels:i have but i feel like he does not care enough to change.
text:I have done a lot of soul searching over the past months and i found small changes in my perspective helped diffuse my stress. I set aside some time to talk to friends and we all share some laughs and some tears and it truly helps.	labels:that is a really good idea. i could especially use some laughs during this time. thank you for that advice. you have been helpful. god bless you.
text:There is no need to thank me. you  are doing what many are trying to do. I pray it all works out for you and your family.	labels:thank you so much. its been a very rough year. its like things just keep happening and i have no control.
text:Please consider trying to reconnect with your husband. Simple little kindnesses do so much for the spirit.	labels:yes i can try and do that. i admit i have not been that nice to him recently.
text:Every day is a fresh start. kindness from you will be returned..	labels:i like that. today is a fresh start and a new day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing?	labels:im ok kinda stressed.
text:Anything I can help with :) ? Feeling stressed is never fun :( What has been making you feel stressed?	labels:im feeling very overwhelmed and cant get anything done cause i dont know where to start! i want to declutter my house but dont know where to start.
text:I hear you, feeling overwhelmed and like you don't know where to start can leave a person feeling stressd forsure!. Decluttering sounds like a great idea!. Sometimes taking baby steps is a good place to start!.	labels:but there are so many thinggs to do and ideas i have.
text:Of course! It can feel so stressful when we have all these little things we want to do but don't know where to start!.	labels:should i start in one room or one group of things and collect them from all the rooms?
text:What is one little area that maybe seems easier to start with? Yeah, that's a great idea!.	labels:well i seem to start and them i end up jumoing to another thing! jumping.
text:Hey, well that's okay! starting is half the battle, so that's an accomplishment right there!.	labels:thanx that helps cause i start feeling defeated.
text:have you tried maybe using a timer or making a list to help keep you focused on decluttering one area at a time? Of course! It's easy to be hard on ourselves, but just the fact that you are trying is so important!	labels:u know what i bought a timer and it came in today!hopefully it will help!
text:Oh awesome! I am so glad! Maybe trying that out could be useful!.	labels:i have no type of supportin my life and it really does effect me. thanx for all your positively.
text:Having no support is so hard :( Especially during these times!.	labels:im gonna start again tomorrow with more faith in myself.
text:Of course! Do you feel like you have people that you could reach out to if you start getting lonely?.	labels:u really helped my negitivity.
text:That's a great idea! Just remember to be kind to yourself and take breaks when you need to!. Aw, I'm glad!.	labels:ur awesome.
text:So are you! Best of luck with everything okay? You got this! Anything else I can help with?	labels:nope im going to bed.
text:Sounds good! Get some good rest and I wish you luck with everything!.	labels:are u still there. do you think making lists are a good idea.
text:Yes! Making lists can be a great idea and help organize some thoughts and ideas you have in your head.	labels:ok just wanted your opinion.thanx.
text:Of course! anything else I can help with?.	labels:now im done goodnite!	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.	labels:hello, goodevening.
text:How are you tonight?	labels:I'm feeling unwell, because I've been wanting to stop drinking but here I am with another glass. Its so hard to stop. I just to have a day without having any alcohol you know.
text:So just to make sure I understand, you are having issues with your amount of drinking and are struggling to stop?	labels:Yes thats the issue.
text:Is there anything specific that is causing the drinking?	labels:When I feel down or just when I feel bored I want a drink. But when I'm drinking with others I can't stop till I'm completely wasted.
text:Just from chatting with you I can tell you are very disappointed and upset about this. I also used to struggle with the amount of drinking that I used to do.	labels:Yeah. I want to lessen and then stop eventually. How did you overcome it? Is it hard?
text:One thing I did was talked to my family about it and also spent a lot more time on my hobbies that didn't include any drinking at all..	labels:Anything I should do when I suddenly get the urge to drink?
text:That was when I would focus on another hobby of mine, in my case I would either pick up a book and read or work on model cars.	labels:That's great. I love reading maybe I should immerse myself to it again and have soda water instead.
text:Yes, I definitely think that will help!	labels:Thank you for sharing that. I hope I can improve as well.
text:I know it is not an easy thing to do, but you are gonna do great!	labels:Yes, I sure hope so. Thank you. have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you?	labels:I am the youngest of 5 siblings and I feel all most days now because of my parents.
text:It sounds like you're having a hard time feeling like you have your parents' attention, is that right?	labels:Not their attention, but more on their expectations on me.
text:That sounds frustrating, I'm sorry. Do they do or say anything specific that makes you feel those expectations?	labels:Yes, its more on comparing me to the children of their friends. They always say why don't I have a better job or even plans on marrying rich. Stuff like that is very frustrating. They also expect me to take care of them financially soon, I'm just starting my adult life I want to enjoy it.
text:That sounds very frustrating. I think if I felt those kind of expectations I would be anxious. Do you feel comfortable talking to them about your feelings?	labels:I do feel anxious every time.. I tried a couple of times, but my mom always sees it as being too sensitive.
text:Sometimes it can feel impossible to talk to parents.	labels:I know, is it better if I stay away for awhile? since taking to them won't make sense?
text:I think that it can be very healthy to get some distance, but I think it can also feel difficult -- do you have good friends in your life that you could lean on if you needed some distance from your parents?	labels:Yes, I do. They actually helped me coped up. I always think that I wasn't blessed with my family, but I'm blessed with good friends.
text:Good friends can be a huge comfort and it sounds like you're a good friends yourself if you have those kinds of friendships.	labels:Thinking about it, they really did help a lot. So I should really distance myself for a while right?
text:I think if making distance helps you feel better, you deserve and have a right to that space.	labels:Yes, thank you. I really need to that.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:Well, not totally terrible, but sad.
text:I am sorry to hear that but I am happy to listen. What would you like to talk about?.	labels:I used to be really driven to succeed at things. After I graduated college and tried jobs that lasted 1-2 years each at most before I was fired, I gave up believing in most of my abilities to succeed in the workforce.
text:Okay, well, let's take this one thing at a time. What would you say the main reason you were fired was?.	labels:Now, even during the pandemic, I have no drive to re-enter the workforce and my family thankfully isn't pushing me to get a job, but I often doubt my self worth because I haven't felt successful at long term goals in a few years.
text:I understand how it feels to feel you are not doing as well as you might. I work in the gig economy and enjoy it but it's not what I'd intended to do with my life..	labels:Well, the last company I worked at, we were all fired....because the landlord raised the rent so hire on my boss the owner, he couldn't afford to stay there, pre-pandemic.
text:Hmph that does not sound at all cool but it can hardly be considered your fault..	labels:In fact most of the jobs I've had, the companies have been sold. In retrospect it's easy for me to realize I should have gone to more stable companies that weren't eventually sold. Also I suffer from what Google seems to call imposter syndrome.
text:It's a very unstable time unfortunately - even highly reputable companies seem to be in trouble.. Ah I have heard of that. You do not think that you are good enough?.	labels:Well, I haven't felt the desire I used to feel before the pandemic to go get a new job because I felt burned out working in retail for minimum wage.
text:I hear you. It's a demoralising sector to work in, for sure. What would you like to do, if you had your choice?.	labels:I used to do a lot of charity work as a side hobby to help other people, and sadly, the pandemic kind of spotlit how many of us are struggling and broke, so it didn't exactly feel proper asking to help other peopole in wheelchairs like myself who I'd raise money for to go to adaptive summer camp (kids and adults) - this'll be the 2nd summer in a row where camp is virtual. I never wanted to be paid for that charity work btw.
text:I know that :) You seem like a good person.. I think that the pandemic has had a negative impact on virtually everyone. It's been a very strange 15 months, for sure.	labels:I wanted to finish writing my autobiography as a poetry book, and slowly, over the last two to three years, I began doubting myself and stopped writing because it seems like the entire American population is so easily upset and makes everything political.
text:Well, you could still finish it just for your own sake? It would be something worthwhile to look back on later.	labels:I think I WILL eventually follow through with the book....I have to get over the fear of Twitter hating my personal experience even if they dosagree woth me.
text:I would stay away from twitter .. it 's very toxic..	labels:It sure would be, I mean, before the Trump era 5 years ago, I just wanted my dad and sister to have something they could share with future relatives 50 years from now about me nstead of a sad three paragraph obituary.
text:I don't think I'd even get two paragraphs to be honest. But keep writing it, don't give up..	labels:Twitter is the worst, I left there in 2017 I think, and that was a good move. Sadly, everyone seems to be divided on every platform these days. Again, it SEEMS that way even if it really isn't. You're right. It's my own fears that ultimately I have to conquer.
text:I think people just have more of a platform to vent and feel that they can be hateful because no-one can see them.. Anyway it has been nice to talk to you .. I hope I have been able to help you!.	labels:Because let's say I did die (heaven forbid) sometime soon.....I would feel heartbroken taking my last breath knowing that I didn't tell the world what I lived. Thanks for your advice / listening. Really appreciated it.
text:You're very welcome :) Can you press the quit button first, I can't this end :).	labels:Oh, sorry, lol.....sure thing.	episode_done:True
text:HI.\nhi there, how are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:Im feeling okay, just thinking about my anxiety.
text:Ah I hear you, I suffer from that really badly too. Do you want to talk about it?.	labels:Yes, i would love too.
text:Well, could you give me a little bit of background .. are you seeking help for it for instance?.	labels: Im not sure when my anxiety started but its like I have a hard time sleeping at night or it feel like i cant breath its very scary so its like i have panic attacks.
text:Ah yes I know how that feels. Has anyone ever taught you any relaxation techniques?.	labels:That feels so scary. Sometimes I stay up till the morning because I hate the feeling. And I haven't found any.... Do you have some in mind.
text:Well, there are some breathing techniques that you could practice .. they can be quite helpful.	labels:Thanks I will try. I have tried this app called calm also.
text:Ah how did you find that? Is it useful?. Would you consider  taking some sort of medication?.	labels:Not really.... Then its like i hate being in crowds, it makes me very anxious..
text:Yes I do too. I try to avoid other people as much as possible :(.	labels:RIght I thought I was the only one..
text:No it's surprisingly common. It can lead to a condition called agoraphobia, in which people are reluctant to go far from home.	labels:That's how I feel. I have a boyfriend and we have a very close relationship but its like when I get around a crowd of people I get anxious.
text:*nods understandingly* Sometimes I feel that my boyfriend is the only person I feel totally comfortable with. I hate interacting with other people. That's why I do crowd work lol.	labels:LOL yes. I feel like I'm anti social sometimes.
text:I don't think it's really anti social, it's just a result of a chemical imbalance I think. But it's a nuisance. I hope I have been able to provide you with some help and let you know that you are not on your own in this! Can you be the first to press the quit button and then take the survey as I can't do it from my end :).	labels:thank you for talking to me.
text:you're most welcome and all the best.	labels:you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you doing today?.	labels:I am doing well. My marijuana consumption today has been less than what it has been for the last week.
text:Well that is good. Are you trying to come off it completely?.	labels:Absolutely not. I'm not even in California yet, where I know my usage will explode. It's just difficult managing the realities of quarantine with the effects of the marijuana.
text:Well, do you worry about your consumption? If you don't I don't see it as a problem :).	labels:Yes, because of the financial strain it places on me and my wife, who is also a regular user.
text:Ah yes, it is not cheap. I am not sure how much to suggest as it's not legal in my country :).	labels:It was recently legalized in our state. My wife and I were actually one of the first people in line to buy it legally last year, before the pandemic. It is a major part of our lives.
text:I am in the UK. It's sort of a grey area ... police won't really do anything but you can't buy it over the counter.	labels:One of the best things about legalization has been the expurgation of criminal records for incarcerated people jailed on marijuana charges. I'm very grateful that these atrocities have been rectified at least partially.
text:Yes I would be too. Even twenty five years ago in my student days it was rare for anyone to be prosecuted for pot.  The US seems to be really strict on it tho.	labels:It varies, state by state, depending on which party is governing. Which you of course have a version of in the UK. Mayoral elections were today yeah?
text:They were but I didn't pay much attention :) I vote in the Generals and the locals but that's all .	labels:Oh, well, I'm sorry to hear that. I think participation in local governance is actually the most achievable path for change, but perhaps how it's structured where you are, it wouldn't really matter much if you participated. I guess mayorals are only technically local, not like parliamentary elections.
text:If I were in London or a major city I'd vote for Mayor. I am in a rural area and we don't have one :D. I vote for local councillors tho.	labels:Oh, I take it to mean that you are anti-Khan? If you feel like you'd need to vote for mayor in London.
text:I like Khan :).	labels:Jeremy Corbyn, no surrender?
text:I like him too lol..	labels:You sound like someone I'd like to smoke a spliff withIn a moderated manner of course, in relevance to the topic I opened with.
text:But I don't get to vote for London mayor. Only if I were a London resident or nearby would I (sorry for tortured syntax)	labels:Prescriptive grammar is fascism, use whatever words in whatever order you like. Ironic given that I just watched My Fair Lady the other day.
text:Haha I don't indulge these days, except for once in a blue moon :P.	labels:You've got those weird drug shops in the UK, with synthetics and all that.
text:Not where I am :( All we have here is sheep and cows..	labels:Let me guess - north/eastern UK?
text:North West but close :).	labels:I have a slightly deeper knowledge of the UK than most Americans. I binged Derry Girls in 2 days so my expertise is almost professorial here.
text:haha!. I am not touching that one :).	labels:It's a good series but yeah if you don't skew younger demographic wise I could see why you'd avoid it. You more of a Last Tango In Halifax type? Don't even watch the Circle? Only Connect?
text:I don't think Derry people would like being referred to as part of the UK ;).	labels:True that. But, you know. Legally.
text:yeah ... heh I don't go there, being half English and half Irish :). But yeah that was so my era ..	labels:I hope one day your people find liberationI think you have helped me a lot with my marijuana problem.
text:Anyway nice to meet you and all that but I think we have sort of fulfilled the criteria :D.	labels:Yes, have a wonderful evening! Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:hello too. Am not so fine.
text:Oh?  What's happening?	labels:Am worried about my alcohol consumption rate in the recent past. I have been trying to tame the habit but when i xkip the session i develop more cravings and drink more than before.
text:I see, can you explain what session you skip?	labels:session i mean when i skip a few days say three days.
text:So it sounds like you are worried you are drinking too much, and that after a few days of not drinking, you end up even drinking more than usual, am I right?	labels:yes that is it.
text:My daughter has addictions and Alcoholics Anonymous is helping her stay clean, she told me. Have you looked into Alcoholics Anonymous?  They have meetings on Zoom you can attend.	labels:what is that?
text:It's a self help program run by and for people who have alcohol addiction.	labels:Ooh, i havent tried it before. sounds a nice idea.
text:I can see that it would be discouraging and worrisome to you if it seems like you go one step forward and then two backward. Have you spoken to a professional about your alcohol consumption?  In my city, for example, we have a community organization that helps people with alcohol or drug addiction.	labels:sure.  that is my worry as well. virtual meeting  may not be of great help as such.
text:Well my daughter had no choice, she started going during the pandemic, and many of the meetings have gone virtual.   She tells me there are still some in person meetings though, perhaps you can check the AA website for your local information.	labels:i visited some time befor but he transfered before i had progressed and felt discouraged looking for another one since they are not many in our city.
text:I see.  I wonder if it might be worth trying again.   I think getting help is a sign of strength.   Perhaps an addiction counsellor can help you break free. I know in my own life I have had some problems that were too big to deal with by myself.  I had to find help.   It's not a sign of weakness, it's a strength.	labels:yes i too believe so but now my tight work schedule and close friends are somehow inhibiting factors and i havent got opne in our city yet.
text:I think it's great you are AWARE you have a problem, that's the most important and often the hardest first step, and you have accomplished that. Are your friends drinking with you?   Do they know you are trying to drink less? I can understand that being busy can be a barrier, but you are WORTH making time for.	labels:yes they know but apparently they drag me into drinkin unknowingly.
text:My daughter had to find new friends to stay away from the drugs...she has made some good friends at AA. I know when I quit smoking I had to stay away from my smoking friends for a while until I felt strong enough to be around it.	labels:Wow. that`s nice of her. i really think i should do something over this. kindly give me options to explore considering my barriers at hand.
text:Well lets se we've talked about AA, finding an addiction counsellor, and spending time away from your dr\inking friends for a while, you can explain to them why.  If they can't support you in your efforts, are they being good friends to you? Maybe you could also do an internet search to find out what services are available in your city or town. I know for me, I have had to put my mental health first.  I've had mental health challenges.   And without my health I have nothing, so it's #1 priority for me.   Perhaps giving up alcohol can become your #1 priority.	labels:wow. i am grateful first for making me aware of asupport systemfrom where i can find friends with a common goal coz this was my major concern considering my busy work schedule. Thankyou much for reminding me to also get to my first steps of finding a counsellor. these are worthy steps to explore. thank you so much.
text:you are very welcome it's been a pleasure speaking with you.  I know you can get through this and achieve your goal.	labels:i now feel confident to start off my quitiing journey. nice time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling?	labels:Tired, very tired!!
text:Oh?  How come so tired?	labels:Because I can't sleep... I don't know what's wrong with me I just lay there awake for hours!
text:Oh I have had trouble sleeping before!   Would you like to know what helped me?	labels:Yes please, I'm desperate, I'll try anything!
text:First of all, fixed sleep and wake times.   If you toss and turn for hours, still get up at the same time.   Eventually your body will tire and sleeping will naturally become easier.	labels:I have to always get up for work so I am sticking to the same routines, I just lie in bed with so many thoughts racing around my head and I just can't get off to sleep.
text:Second thing I do is I have a wind down routine.   No work past a certain time, no matter what.   Only soft music, pleasant movie, some light reading, and dim the lights.   It slows your body down before sleep.  It will help slow that racing thoughts you are having.	labels:I did try reading a book last night, but I don't really have lights that I can dim, it's just the one bright light in our room.
text:I have had racing thoughts and it used to drive me up the wall! Can you buy a lamp?  Even a second hand one if your budget is tight?	labels:Yeah, it's just so annoying and then I'm so tired and irritable the next day, I find myself snapping at everyone.
text:The bright light will keep your mind stimulated.	labels:I could buy a lamp I suppose, to see if it helps? But when I am awake all night it's in the dark so I'm not sure if the light is the problem>
text:Aw so you are so exhausted from racing thoughts and not enough sleep the night before that you end up taking it out on others, but not meaning to.  Am I understanding correctly? Do you get any exercise?  I sleep better on days I go for walks, and my sedentary days I sleep worse, it's quite clear to me.	labels:I have been trying to do lots of walks, I need to lose weight as well so they kind of go hand in hand! I do also have back pain so that's another thing that doesn't help!
text:Good effort, keep it up! Back pain, I know all about that too unfortunately.  How is your mattress?	labels:Yeah it's a pretty good mattress, but it is a few years old now, I'm not sure how often you're supposed to replace them?
text:Hmm I can't recall, I can't afford to replace mine regularly enough lol.  Maybe google it?	labels:Yeah maybe, at this point it's worth looking into anything that could help!
text:Do you have someone to talk to about the thoughts that are racing?. If they are worries, maybe a counsellor would help.	labels:Not really, I don't really have any friends and my boyfriends a bit weird about stuff like this, I can't really talk to him about things like this. Yeah maybe, I have been considering a counsellor myself.
text:Hmm that's a challenge not having friends.   Have been there too!  .	labels:And I don't know how to go about finding new ones! I don't think I'm someone people like to be friends with, I try to make friends but they always move on.
text:I don't want to give you a huge barrage of suggestions but another thing that helps me is a podcast called Tracks to Relax.	labels:Sounds interesting, I'll have to look it up!
text:Well maybe you just haven't met the right people yet.  It takes time finding someone we click with.	labels:That's true, maybe they weren't meant to be my friends. Anyway, thank you so much for your help but I have to shoot off.
text:It's probably not you!   When people drift away from me I always say to myself "Oh well, their loss!" you're welcome bye and i hope things improve soon.  You WILL get through this!	labels:Thank you for your support :-).	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Good day to you.	labels:Hi.
text:Is there something you wish to discuss today?.	labels:Yes, I am experiencing a lot of depression lately due to my weight and my boyfriend.
text:If i am to understand you are having troubles with your weight and this is effecting your relationship ?.	labels:Yes.
text:I to have experienced troubles with my weight, if can be a very troubling issue to deal with..	labels:thank you for udnerstanding.
text:Could I ask if you are currently participating in any activities or diets to manage your weight ?.	labels:I am dieting but I mainly just avoid food and eat once a day. I am on depression medication which also reduces my appetite and I drink a lot of coffee to help surpress my appetite. I usually only eat dinner and a small snack.
text:Research has shown that if you eat at regular meal times the body can regulate your weight better. The trick is to consume less than you use in a day. To manage this its better to eat your recommended daily amount then exercise so you are using up excess energy.	labels:I know but I am just so unmotivated. Sometimes I wish I could lose all the weight and then start the good habits to maintain.
text:Yes it is a difficult challenge. Have you looked in to local support groups which can help you with motivation?.	labels:Not really - I do follow a lot of vegan and health groups on Reddit. I do eat about 1200 calories a day which I know is the bare miniumum but I have noticed a difference. I just need to start exercising more.
text:Thats good, I would suggest that you either join a local group or sign up to a online one. Maybe try one that includes meal plans for the week, support chat group that can motivate you..	labels:Yes that seems like a good idea thank you.
text:Exercise is key to weight loss, maybe go for walks with your boyfriend. this will also give you time with him..	labels:That is actually a very good idea - we have a puppy and he is struggling with weight gain too. I definitely feel that we should start doing that.
text:depending on the dog breed then puppy will need upto multiple walks a day. So its a great time to start walking then you can move up to a run.	labels:That;s true she is a pug but she loves to run - I do miss running I used to run fairly frequently. I am just struggling since I have broke metatarsals on both feet in a year - it's been a hard recovery.
text:I feel we have come up with some good ideas to work on over the next coming weeks. Is there thing else you would like to discuss ?	labels:No I think that is good. I feel like I have come to a good realization. I know my ways are unhealthythank you very much.
text:SOrry to hear that. Have you received the proper medical care for your injuries ?	labels:Yes I did. I couldn't walk for 3 month total and then had to wear a boot for another 6 months.
text:Great, i wish you a good afternoon and hope the best for you with all your ambitions.	labels:thank you!!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:good, how are you doing?
text:All's well with me thank you :) Was there something you'd like to talk about?  I'm ready to listen.	labels:have some issues on life matters !!
text:Oh?  Would like you to tell me what's happening?	labels:I'm afraid of what happens to my carrier because of this COVID?
text:What sort of carrier?.	labels:IT!!
text:Or did you mean to say career.	labels:Sorry!! yes it career!!
text:And what is it you are afraid may happen, can you explain more please? It is scary knowing our livelihood is at risk, I can understand that.	labels:COVID affected me my financial status and have more debts.
text:I see, I have been in a lot of debt before and remember how stressful that was. What sort of work do you do?   Are you at risk of getting laid off?	labels:Its not permanent. Thanks for listening to my problems.
text:I see.  So the future is unknown, that can be scary for sure. . You're welcome. Have you started looking for your next job?	labels:Yes.
text:Perhaps planning ahead will help you feel more of a sense of control, if that's possible to do.	labels:I'm  looking forward to start a own business. Yes i hope so. i'll start planning.
text:Oh that's exciting!  What sort of business?. It's very liberating being your own boss.  I used to have a small housecleaning business.  I loved being in charge of my own destiny.	labels:small scale business like taking up projects from outsourcing.
text:What sort of projects?   What field do you work in?	labels:Information technology.
text:I have a small business centre in my city that was very helpful when I was starting up.  I wonder if you have that in your city. What a great field to be in, so many opportunities.	labels:Yes i would like to search it in my place. Thank you for the information. Yes.
text:You're welcome :)  Whereabouts do you live?  I'm in Canada.	labels:I'm in West Virginia USA. Thank you it helped talking to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I have been having a hard time falling asleep at night.\nhello how are you?	labels:doing well. hope you are.
text:thanks I'm fine , can you explain why you can't sleep.	labels:Not sure. I am sleepy, I lie down and then I feel wide awake thinking about the next day.
text:try to make yourself relax and then try to sleep. don't think about next day.	labels:That is easier said than done. I try not to think of the next day every night, but thoughts just pop in my head.
text:did you ever try yoga?	labels:I do like yoga. It helps me stay relaxed through the day but I still seem to worry once I lie don. down.
text:try to read something boring novel it will help you in sleep. before sleeping.	labels:Should I read fiction or nonfiction.
text:I think nonfiction.	labels:Ok. Do you have any topics you think would be a good place to start?
text:because same thing happen with me and i try it help me a lot.	labels:Ok. I will try reading. If it doesnt help, what else should I try?
text:which topic is boring for you chose that one.	labels:that's a good idea. what is another option to help me fall asleep.
text:try to go for running out side and make yourself busy in gym.	labels:Getting more exerices is always a good idea. Maybe it would help clear my mind.
text:make yourself busy in other activity it will help you.	labels:Do you have any hobbies you suggest?
text:yes i like reading ,music , play games.	labels:What are your favorite games to try.
text:what is your hobbies?	labels:I enjoy reading and doing crafts. I would like to add something new to help.
text:i like to pay fortnight. that's good.	labels:I do like video games. Thank you for your help today.
text:which one you like? Your welcome.	labels:minecraft.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello how are you.	labels:I am ok. HOw are you.
text:Why are just ok?  Is there anything specific you would like to talk about?	labels:I'm worried that transitioning to full time work will harm my relationship.
text:You seem quite concerned about this new chapter in your life.  How will your employment hours affect your relationship? I recognize that this is a challenging topic for you to discuss.  Is the idea of spending time away from your partner concern you? I too had to relearn a proper balance between my personal and professional life. .	labels:She is worried we won't have time for each other but also expects me to support her.
text:It is wonderful to feel that sense of desire and need. You need to make your personal happiness your top priority. I recognize the responsibly you are taking on, and I believe you are capable to  balance between the two.	labels:I would hope that getting the job would show my willingness to support her.
text:Are you the aggressor in getting more hours, or have your work assignments and responsibilities that have changed? It is important to maintain self happiness and to aspire to make yourself your number one each and every day.	labels:I want to get a good paying job so I can live somewhere better.
text:I can relate. In my younger years, my end goal was to advance in life emotionally, mentally and physically.  I always longed for a home to call my own.  With time, patience, and dedication, you too will have you desires met. .	labels:It is a matter of finding a balance on the way there. She loves me but has trouble believing me because I've been rolled over by the pandemic so many times.
text:It has been proven that the best way to find balance and harmony is to always look forward to the potential in your future.  It is very apparent you are a dedicated and loyal partner and that will show itself in time.  We all have had to take two steps back in order to take one step forward due to this pandemic.  The fact that you are aware of potential issues down the road and have proactively reached out to discuss this shows myself (as well as yourself) that you need to continue to focus on your goals and in time your partners happiness will naturally come out.	labels:I feel like I have reached the point that reassurance can bring me and need to take action.
text:Make sure you stay well rested as sleep can improve your positive energy.  Stay hydrated and nourish your body well as keeping your body in tune with a strong and focused mind does the body and soul good.. Do you feel that you are in a healthy place to deal with your recent life changes? You stated earlier that you have reached a point of reassurance and I want you to free comfortable with all the tools you will need to move forward. **feel**	labels:I am trying to get healthier.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today? Do you have anything you would like to share with me?	labels:Yes, in my adolescense I suffered from bullying. I consider. great impact in my life.
text:I hear you saying that you are feeling hurt and made to feel bad by other people, does that sound right?	labels:yes.
text:Has this been happening to you for a long time?	labels:It happened in my teens, but it still impacts me.
text:You are a very strong person for reaching out and expressing your feelings. You have a lot to be proud of!	labels:They were very harsh, with me.. just like my parents.
text:You were put in a very difficult situation with multiple people. I can imagine that you have been so stressed out from the pressure of people hurting you.	labels:Thats how it is... what do you think i should do to overcome it?
text:I had this same problem in school and as I grew up I learned how to speak up and defend myself when people were rude and mean to me. I was my own advocate and you are also being your own by reaching out today and being so strong.	labels:What did they tell you?
text:I was told that I was overweight by others. I was able to defend myself by saying that I am a good person with a good heart and they are not important to me and neither are their opinions. I became more confident in myself. Have you ever wrote your feelings down in a journal?	labels:I think we suffer  the same. I have never written my feelings.
text:Yes, I agree. A lot of research shows that when we write down our positive attributes we reaffirm our belief in ourselves. Listing the things are are good at can help give you more self confidence.	labels:Good, thanks.
text:You're welcome, some people express themselves through email and can help to communicate your feelings to someone. Thank you for sharing with me today.	labels:i would like to, i like to vent. Are you a Psychologist?
text:You have done a great job explaining how you are feeling and how you've been hurt, thank you.	labels:Thanks you, for listening.	episode_done:True
text:My youngest is my hardest.\nHello how are you?	labels:I am well. Hope you are.
text:yes I'm fine thank you , how is your day today?	labels:good.
text:how can i help you?	labels:As I said above, my youngest son is difficult. He does not like to share.
text:oh! did you try to make friendship with him?	labels:He does not like to share with his older brother.
text:If you make friendship with him then i think he will share with you everything.	labels:I see. What should I do when he does not share.
text:try to give him more time. he need your time.	labels:Should he have a punishment for not sharing?
text:I think punishment is not correct solution ,give him more time . then he will share his problem with you.	labels:Ok. What should I do when his brother asks to play with the soccer ball?
text:first make yourself relax and then you will be able to solve the problem. your health is more important for them.	labels:Yes, but I need to figure out how to help my son share.
text:did he has friends?	labels:Yes. He does not share well with them either.
text:oh ! take him to watch movies and play games with him try to make yourself close to him.	labels:Should I have him practice sharing with me.
text:yes i think it will work.	labels:So, should I ask to use his soccer ball.
text:yes try i think it will work and try to play games with him whatever he like.	labels:Thank you for your suggestions.
text:yes i do these things with my kids and they are my best friend.	labels:That is very encouraging.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are things with you right now?.	labels:Hi, well to be honest I'm struggling a bit right now. I keep turning to beer when I'm feeling really down.
text:Ah I hear you - I think that there is a lot of that going around during this pandemic. Did you ever have a problem before?.	labels:No, this all actually started about 3-6 months after the pandemic really hit and things shut down.
text:It has been horrendous hasn't it? Have you been able to at least speak to your doctor, even if you could not see them in person?.	labels:Yes! So horrible! And yeah, I have a therapist I see once every two weeks. Although that only helps so much.
text:It might be time to get some more help? Do you think it is bad enough that you might need inpatient treatment?.	labels:No, I'm not quite that bad off. It's sort of a mix of too many rough things. My wife and I are separating right now, I'm in the middle of a PhD program and living far from home, and covid really made it more challenging. I think it's a bit more circumstantial.
text:It sounds like you have had a really hard time the last eighteen months. As the lockdown is easing, are there any new pastimes you could get involved in that might distract you?.	labels:Well, I am starting to hang out with friends more and establish weekly traditions like poker night. So that's definitely helping. The more I can be around others the easier it is for sure. I'm wondering how bad it is to turn to alcohol when I'm in pain.
text:Poker night does sound like something that might involve a lot of alcohol though :(.	labels:Haha, yeah maybe I should have specified that this is typically booze free. Sometimes we split a 12-pack among the 6 of us, but that's the wildest of nights. Engineers make for good sober poker night buddies :)
text:LOL well I am glad to hear that at least. Splitting a twelve pack between six does not seem like a problem to me.	labels:Yeah, I figure 2 beers over 4 hours is not a big deal every once in a while. I just really hope we start opening back up and people get vaccinated. Although, maybe that is just masking some underlying problem, huh?
text:That is possible as well and it is definitely worth talking to someone, I think, just in case.	labels:Yeah, that's a good idea. What do you turn to when you are struggling in life?
text:Well beer, to be perfectly honest :D. Anyway I hope that I can have been of assistance :).	labels:Hahaha, good so I'm not the only one! I think if it's not over the top and getting in the way of the functioning of my life then that's a good sign. Yes, thank you. This has been helpful!	episode_done:True
text:Hey there, what's going on today?	labels:Hello. It is a fine day, how about yourself?
text:It really is! I am just taking in the fresh air in the backyard..	labels:That is awesome.
text:Thanks! What is going on in your neck of the woods?.	labels:Sort of stuck inside trying to make a dime but it is alright.
text:Yeah great minds think alike.. do you do anything else for work?.	labels:Looking for a good job right now. I wanted to talk about a personal issue I have been having, though.
text:Okay, you know I'm here for you. Talk to me, what's happening?.	labels:My father and I had a fight 2 years ago and haven't spoke since.
text:The same happened to me, and then my father passed away. If there is anything I can say, is to swallow pride and cherish the moments you have on earth together. What was the fight over?	labels:Yeah I am afraid that these things can happen. It was only over material things.
text:That was my next question, what the fight was over. Do you think he would be open to mending things?.	labels:It is weird because I called him out for being manipulative so this is his defense.
text:Usually when people feel singled out, they only have a few mechanisms. Unfortunately, most people tend to run away instead of fixing things. It tends to be the easier option..	labels:I would likely take advantage of an opportunity to be the bigger person.
text:When you try to fix things, just remember that this is his method. I wouldn't hold back on what you have to say, but just word it so that he doesn't feel the need to flee..	labels:That is probably decent advice.
text:It is HIS responsibility as a parent to want to fix things, but you are also being the bigger person here. I applaud you and hope that he is receptive..	labels:I hope so too, but the opportunity seems tenuous.
text:How did you guys leave it?.	labels:Threatening and disparagement haha.
text:Ha, well after two years, feelings had to have changed. Even a little. Does he live nearby?	labels:Yeah someday. I think I will have to try you know. THanks for the advice.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:Hey, I've been having a really rough day. My mom and I got into an argument.
text:I'm sorry to hear that, what's happening? How bad was the argument?  What was it about?	labels:She got pretty upset when I took off my shower head without telling her. Somehow, we ended up arguing about how I don't respect her.
text:Do you think there is any truth to what she is saying? Family conflict can be very upsetting, I have it in my family sometimes.	labels:Maybe. I don't particularly like her and that she maybe picks up on that. But I feel like that's the underlying issue and the shower head argument is just a coverup for her real feelings. It's really upsetting. We have "peaceful" moments before we're arguing again.
text:I see.   Do you live together?	labels:Yes.
text:That does sound upsetting.   So how do you two make peace generally, or do you have silences between you?	labels:I guess it's less peace and more like silence.
text:So what helps you deal with it?  I have found journaling so helpful when I have personal conflicts.  It helps to get things in perspective, and to vent to a peice of paper. Actually I journal on my computer, and don't save it :)	labels:I've written some of our arguments down before, but it's too painful to look at now.
text:Thath's why I don't save my journal entries, too painful.	labels:I used to talk to friends about it, but idk, it all feels empty now.
text:Do you have a counselor you can speak with about how to deal with the conflicts?   Maybe he/she could arrange a family meeting.	labels:I get that. It's hard to look at them. I'm not sure what to do to cope. Lately, my coping skills haven't been all to healthy.
text:I did that with my husband when we were fighting, having a counselor in the room helped us gain insight.	labels:I have a psychiatrist and I'm trying to figure out how to pay for a therapy currently. I know some offer sliding scale options.
text:Exercise is helpful for burning off anger, a good long walk... Oh you must be in US?	labels:Yeah, I'm in the U.S. I used to go on walks and exercise at night. It really helps me sleep. Maybe I can start doing that again.
text:I think that would be great!   A good way to burn off frustration and improve physical health at the same time.	labels:I always fall out of it! Any advice for making a steady habit out of it?
text:You will get through this....it sounds like you two need to have some good talks to address these conflicts....together the two of you may be able to sort it out.   On a day when things are calm, not during an argument. Yes I do!   I used to procrastinate walking....then I got myself a walking partner.	labels:That sounds great! I've been wanting a workout partner, I think a friend of mines wants one too...
text:We are accountable to each other.   We both need to walk for our mental health, we have mental health issues.	labels:How'd you find one?
text:Hey that would be great if you two could be accountable to each other.	labels:And yeah, we do need to talk, I just feel conflicted because I ask if it would help anything or should I just move out and move on?
text:My neighbour and I were chatting about how we are not motivated to walk but want to walk, so we made a plan. Well....only one way to find that out....and and challenging as it may seem it could be, it's a less drastic step than moving. If you both want it to work, it will.	labels:That sounds nice. My friend just likes being in shape ig, so it works out. We both have kinda hectic, unsupportive families.
text:Well I hope you two can talk it out.	labels:Yeah, that's a good point. It takes time, but I'm trying to learn to when to give more effort and when to pull away. Me too. Thanks for talking to me.
text:oh it's been a pleasure speaking with you, you're very welcome. I wish you all the best, you will get through this :)	labels:Thank you so much. I hope we both can continue to work on being happy and healthy.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how is your day going?	labels:Hello and Nice to meet you. I am doing OK. How are you and thank you for your time. My name is Jim.
text:Nice to meet you Jim, I am doing well. Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?	labels:I really appreciate your timeYes.
text:What is on your mind?	labels:I have been retired for over 2 years and would like to return to the workforce, part-time.
text:So you are thinking of going back to work?	labels:Yes, It would help us greatly.
text:You have the right idea already.	labels:There are plenty of jobs and not sure where to start.
text:I'm sure you will find something suitable if you keep trying.	labels:Thanks What do you mean? Yeah, I know this but I don't feel it.
text:You may feel a little apprehensive to get started.	labels:Yeah, I am. I know I can do it. Not sure where to start.
text:I have been in the same position before and came out successful in the end.	labels:Wow, That's great. How did you start?
text:I just decided.	labels:What gave you the strength to go forward? I have this nervousness about getting rejected.
text:Doing little things every day.	labels:So, keep myself busy and try to ignore my nervousness?
text:Really adds up and helps to get the big picture moving.	labels:OK, so with, well, kinf0f like baby steps....right.
text:It is about making small adjustments to feed a good habit.	labels:Build up my confidence and not take things personally.
text:Building it in to your daily life will make you feel accomplished.	labels:Yeah, so true.
text:THis really helped me to get going in the past.	labels:I have a few ideas and go with my strength's and abilities that I have already been successful in the past.
text:You will find those things that you know you want.	labels:Yeah, I like it. I guess I needed to just chat with someone and listen to myself.
text:Always beleive in yourself!	labels:True, that is what my wonderful Wife tells me and that God has a plan for me. Thanks.
text:You are welcome and everybody is rooting for you.	labels:That's really true, Need to stop feeling sorry for myself. Thank you. This has been helpful.
text:Start doing things and they will grow friend.	labels:Yes, they will. Thank you. This is good. Take care and God bless. TY.
text:You are welcome and best of wishes. Take care, bless yall.	labels:You, too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , can I help you today? Would you like to share anything?	labels:yes.
text:Do you have anything specific on your mind?	labels:My wife is having medical issues and is unable to help me.
text:Oh, it seems like you are feeling alone, is that correct?	labels:I need help on so many things.
text:Do you have a list of things in any order?.	labels:The support of my wife has become very clear to me.
text:That sounds very difficult for you and great job reaching out here today.	labels:I am not lonely, just needing a way to be independent.
text:I can telling that you are very worried but also very capable because you have taking the time to search for some support.	labels:W@ould like to know what to do to be more independent.
text:Well, I used to feel the same way and I would take the time to call a close friend and spend time with my dogs everyday. Is that something you could do too?	labels:Support in the community is not evident, would like to find associations. What would you do.
text:That is very forward thinking and a great idea. A local church group can often support you.	labels:Travel is a problem for Church involvement.
text:I understand, I have noticed that people who reach our for help as you have will attract people to them. Have you looked into an online church community?	labels:There are issues with people at church.
text:Yes, I agree that it is hard to find people who can help and not cause more harm. Online communities on reddit have specialized groups for people with your situation too..	labels:Need support that is meaningful and compasionate.
text:Yes, I agree. Having time to sit down and write out your thoughts and feelings can sometimes help too. Maybe you can journal your feelings this week.	labels:I will keep looking. there has got to be help.
text:Yes, you have started your journey today and I am very proud of you expressing and identifying your problems. Great first step.	labels:The need to continuen is clear, something has got to be available.
text:Yes, please use writing to list your feelings and problems this week and check back with us regularly. We are happy to help and always here for you. Thank you very much..	labels:Things like appointments are required, how do you get to them?
text:You can reach out anytime or day and we will assist you.	labels:Thanks for your help. You have good suggestions.
text:You're welcome, Bye.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:I'm ok.  How are you?
text:I am good. What is on your mind?	labels:I have had little motivation to get out of bed and go to work lately.
text:Seems like it has been hard to get motivated.	labels:Yes, do you have any advice to help me?
text:A lot of people experience this struggle. You are able to overcome this and you will find happiness.	labels:Thank you.  I really would like to get my motivation back.
text:You had it in the past, it is just a matter of bringing it back.	labels:Yes, with some hard work, I'm certain it can return.  Do you do anything to keep yourself motivated?
text:I have found that accomplishing small tasks makes good momentum.	labels:That is a good advice. I will start to focus on smaller tasks first.
text:It helps to get things moving and becomes a good habit.	labels:Yes, sometimes it is hard to just get into that groove.
text:Getting yourself to bed and waking up at a good time will help too.	labels:Yes, I am not very good at getting good night rests.
text:Make sure to cease intake of caffeine at least 6 hours before you want to go to bed.	labels:Should I stop playing on my mobile device as well?
text:True. The blue light emitted tricks your body in to thinking that it wants to be alert still.	labels:I will try and stop using it right before bed then.
text:I think that taking care of your basic needs like eating and sleeping will help in other aspects of life.	labels:i think that is great advice and I will start there!
text:You will do great.	labels:Thank you, I appreciate your time.  I hope you have a great day.
text:Thanks and I hope you do too!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing?	labels:I'm fine and how are you ?
text:I'm doing well. Did you have anything you wanted to talk about? I'm doing well. Did you have anything you wanted to talk about?	labels:Yes I am problems with sleeping. *having.
text:Is getting a good night's sleep becoming an issue? Is getting a good night's sleep becoming an issue?	labels:Yes very much so.
text:Tons of people deal with this on many levels.	labels:Yes I understand.
text:I can feel that this affects you in a negative way. I can feel that this affects you in a negative way.	labels:Yes.
text:I have had issues in the past personally with sleep. Many of my friends too. I have had issues in the past personally with sleep. Many of my friends too.	labels:I just don't know what to do anymore it's even affecting my work b/c I dont get any sleep.
text:There are a lot of things out there to try and get your sleep pattern in better shape. There are a lot of things out there to try and get your sleep pattern in better shape.	labels:Yes and I have tried many.
text:What about valerian root or other herbs? What about valerian root or other herbs?	labels:I never thought of that I will definitely give it a try.
text:You could also try adjusting your diet and eating habits..	labels:Thank you for all of your help , this is greatly appreciated.. I never thought of using the herbs I will give this a try soon.
text:You are welcome. You are welcome.	labels:Hello are you still there?
text:You can also try reducing caffeine intake 6 hours before bed.	labels:Oh that is great I drink coffee an hour before bed on some days.
text:As you know this can keep your brain stimulated and prevent you from going to sleep.	labels:I didn't know that.
text:I used to drink too much coffee and I was tired all day but could never sleep right. I used to drink too much coffee and I was tired all day but could never sleep right.	labels:thanks for the info.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am just a little angry. My mother and I had another blow-up.
text:Is your bit of anger sparked from the interaction with your mother?	labels:It is why I am angry. This occurs at least every other day. I say something harmless and she thinks I am saying it in a way that is rude or something.
text:I bet you can figure out a way to communicate better.	labels:I do not know for sure where to start. If I try to tell her that is not what I mean it is like she doesn't understand?
text:It is hard to feel misunderstood.	labels:For example today I was just saying I like the food she had cooked us for supper. She took that to mean I never liked the food she made before. She says I do not appreciate her and I should be grateful to have her.
text:It sounds like you are doing your best to be nice but it isn't getting through.	labels:Maybe it was the way she was brought up that she is so sensitive.
text:Everybody has stuff from their past that affects them.	labels:But they should not take how they feel on others right? But I know I have to be understanding.
text:You should be understanding, especially since you already know this.	labels:Can you relate to this situation?
text:I have had personal disputes with my parents in the past. Most of the time there's other things going on that makes a person act different.	labels:Maybe I could just take deep breath and kind of step back a minute before I respond.
text:It would be good to do that. Maybe try to have a conversation and tell her you support her no matter what she's going through.	labels:I guess the best time to do that was when she is in a very good mood.
text:Do some chores or something that helps her out and just let her know you want to have a serious talk some time.	labels:But what if she thinks me helping her out is criticizing the way she does things? That seems like the way she would be.
text:Try giving reassurance that you want to show you care.	labels:I will try this. It is worth a shot. We can't go through life being upset at each other.
text:I feel the same way. I hope you can get things on better terms.	labels:I appreciated the help. I was just so upset. I didn't want to talk to anyone in our family and have them take sides or make them uncomfortable.
text:Maybe you can set a better example about being open.	labels:I will try to say things that don't sound confrontational from now on.
text:I believe in you.	labels:Thank you for the believing in me. Thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling?.	labels:it could be better, right?
text:It always could, alas. Is there anything specific you'd like to talk about though?.	labels:thanks for asking, sure. It has been a while since I lost my house.. so depressed living with a sibling.
text:Ah I am so sorry. It's been so hard during the pandemic hasn't it? Are you working right now?.	labels:Only part time.
text:Is there any chance of increasing your hours? What is your relationship with your sibling like?.	labels:No i can't ... we are good but still you won't have that control on your privacy and other staffs.
text:Yes, it is difficult to have to be a dependent again when you have been used to living alone. I had to do that myself once over fifteen years ago when I was forced to move back with my parents..	labels:So you know what it feels, right?
text:Yeah. It was very depressing at the time but things are much better now. I think it will be the same for you t oo!.	labels:let's hope so. This time it looks an everlasting piles of problems ahead..
text:It can do, unfortunately. Are there any things that give you pleasure in life? Do you have friends?.	labels:Friends? eh some, writing and reading were my way of devotion to the unknown and to the self... it seems quite a luxury right now..
text:sorry was afk. What are your chances of getting another job?.	labels:I am trying...
text:What sort of thing are you looking for?.	labels:Educater, writer, teacher.
text:Ah I have done some teaching, it's a very worthy profession..	labels:I used to love it, no more enjoyable now days.
text:Everything is so up in the air at the moment..	labels:I know, hate to complain too... almost about everything....
text:(can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it at my end. Thanks for talking!)	labels:sure.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?	labels:I have drank too much alcohol and got fired from my job for showing up drunk..
text:Oh dear that does not sound good. Do you have a problem with alcohol in general or was this a one off?.	labels:In general I do. ever since my wife left me for the milk man I drink daily..
text:Does he give you a discount then?.	labels:I can't drink milk so Now i drink alcohol. No, The milkman is my father and we don't get along..
text:Have you considered getting some sort of help? There is lots out there.. Your wife left you for your father? How very ... redneck..	labels:I have not. I am unaware of what help services there are out there to offer or how to go about requesting these services?.
text:Hmmm I would start with your GP, if you have one..	labels:GP? what's a GP?.
text:Doctor. Sorry I am in England - I think that would be physician for you.	labels:Correct. A doctor for me is a physician.
text:Well, perhaps you could see your G ... um, physician and tell them that you think you have a problem? They might be able to provide calcium supplements too..	labels:I am currently needing mental help with this I think? how do I go about finding a provider?.
text:If you have been drinking a long time, you probably need physical help too in case of withdrawal. Your doctor is the best place to start for both..	labels:Okay I will look into receiving both of those.
text:What is your financial situation? Are you in trouble now you have no job?.	labels:I have no JOb and no health insurance to help me pay for all of this..
text:you should live in England. Socialised medicine is the best..	labels:So I hear it is. WE have to pay an arm and a leg for ours..
text:I've heard :( It's terrifying to think of. Are there any free facilities there for people in your situation or do you just suffer?.	labels:They have programs like medicaid. but I'm not poor enough for that program.
text:So you're stuck in limbo? That is really awful, I am sorry..	labels:I am in a limbo. and I need healthcare without going into debt..
text:Are there any charities who could help? It is just terrible that people who need mental health care cannot get it!.	labels:It happens frequently and no one really cares. I don't need charity. I just need 10 turns and 15 minutes..
text:I am not sure what that means :).	labels:Thamk you for all your help good sir.	episode_done:True
text:Hi my name is Sarah, how are you today?	labels:Hi, Sarah.  I am at my wits end.  I feel like I am going crazy.
text:Oh no!   That sounds stressful.   What's happening?	labels:I am stressed out about having to move and I just can't seem to calm down when it is time to sleep.
text:Moving is such a stressful time.   When do you move?  .	labels:I am moving in a month, but there is just so much to do before then.
text:I see.  What is your wind-down routine like in the evening, if you have one?	labels:I usually put my kids to bed and then try to relax for about an hour while I watch tv before I head to bed.
text:Oh you're a parent AND you are moving, you have a lot on your plate!	labels:Yes, I am a homeschooling mother of two.
text:Have you tried a warm bath before bed? that's helped me before.   Meditation to still my mind before sleeping helps too. I've read that a small carb snack before bed, like a peice of toast, is supposed to help us fall asleep, I haven't tried it though.	labels:A bath does sound really relaxing.  I have tried some meditations.
text:One thing I highly recommend is a podcast called "Tracks to Relax" .	labels:Thanks, I will have to try that.  Music does tend to calm me down.  I don't know why I haven't tried that.
text:It's guided sleep meditations, and his voice is incredibly soothing....works well for me on nights I can't naturally fall asleep. He leads you relaxing walks into the forest and such things, it's very peaceful.	labels:I really appreciate that help, I will try it for sure. I think it will be easier to focus on a meditation with someone talking me through it.
text:Have you a partner sharing the childrearing?	labels:Yes, but he has already moved to our new house because he is working on floors and stuff to get it ready. So I have been alone to stew in my worries.
text:Oh I see so right now you're the main "parent-er"? Do you have other family that could take the kids for a wekend so you can have a proper rest?	labels:Yes, I am.  But, my children are not very stressful.  I think they help more than anything. I have wonderful children. I think it is just the thoughts of moving to a new place and the actual 20 hour drive in a moving truck that is scaring me. I really appreciate your support today.  It is helpful to talk it out.  Your suggestions were also really good.
text:You have wonderful children beccause they have been well parented by the sounds of it :)	labels:Thank you so much! You have a great day :)
text:I hope your move goes smoothly....try to make sure you carve out time for YOU ...bye!	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, what's going on today?	labels:Just dealing with alot of depression lately due to issues with a lot of things. The most of which being with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months. We were in the process of working on an agreement outside of court and since this I've had to work with the court to get this started but it's been hard with COVID and not being able to meet with someone in person.
text:Did you sign the birth certificate?.	labels:No. That's the other thing. She didn't let me know about the birth until 2 hours after the fact. The hospital would only let one person there with her and her sister was there. I don't know if she put someone else as the father or not.
text:That is absolutely horrible, and I can understand the reasoning behind your emotions now. You are a wonderful soul to care so deeply. You deserve to be a Father.. Have you contacted any legal help?.	labels:Thank you. I appreciate that. I've been in contact with the Self-Help center at the courthouse to help me with the process of getting a DNA test and getting things going on a case.
text:Ok that is one step closer to justice. When is that going to take place, and did you find out if that can be expedited?. Your child is so fortunate to have you. Keep fighting to win custody, I believe in you..	labels:There's been some issues with the paperwork which is part of why it's taking a while. Once it gets fixed and approved, it should be easy from there. There's no expediting it though I'm afraid. Thank you for that last message. It's really encouraging.
text:I am proud of being able to say I spoke with someone like you today. I hope the rest of the world takes notes from you. If everyone cared like this, the world would be a better place. Thank you for being you:)	labels:Thanks. I'm glad to have talked to you too..
text:Is there anything else going on, aside from this?	labels:Well, aside from that, I'm pretty stressed about school too.
text:What are you studying?	labels:Psychology.
text:I studied psychology years ago, and it is eye opening. Stick with it, and pay attention. It will absolutely help your cause in court too!.	labels:Thanks!
text:Anytime! Do you do anything for fun? Any hobbies?.	labels:I read. I also like to play video games or listen to music. Unfortunately most of my time is spent on schoolwork and taking care of other things. But when I do find some time, I usually play a video game or do some reading.
text:What are some of your favorites? That is definitely one of my escapes. It is a very healthy way to cope and find some peace among the chaos..	labels:For reading, I like to read a variety of genres, like mysteries and self-help books. As for video games, I tend to play anything. Mostly, I've been playing to shut my brain off, so it's games like GTAV or Call of Duty.
text:Can I make a suggestion? From a fellow psych buff, I recommend any of the Uncharted games or Assassin's Creed games! You will melt into another world and it takes the stress away. Leaving you more energized to deal with real world problems!.	labels:That's a good idea. I actually just downloaded an Assassin's Creed game.
text:Great minds think alike! Is there anything else you wanted to bring up with me today?.	labels:No. But thanks for listening to me..	episode_done:True
text:hi there.\nHi! Hope you are doing well. How can I help you today?	labels:I am having such a hard time falling asleep at night....I toss and turn and cannot shut my mind off.
text:It seems you are having hard time to fall asleep. Hope I get it right?	labels:yes that's right.  my mind just races thinking about problems it seems.  I am irritable and frustrated.
text:Is there a specific thing or task which is bothering you for long?.	labels:I worry about my daughter, she has addictions.  I never know if she is okay or not, she doesn't call me very often and is hard to get a hold of.
text:It must be a tough time for you and is a enough reason to not getting good sleep. despite of it you should need a complete rest ..	labels:Have you any suggestions to help me get to sleep easier?   I have tried meditation, but it doesn't seem to help much.
text:I feels like you are having less energy and feel tired due to lack of sleep. Try to follow a particular schedule and u can put soothing music before bed. It might calm you down and make you sleep.	labels:That's a good idea I can try that.   My bedtimes are kind of mixed up, maybe setting a particular schedule will help, I'll try that. sometimes i go to be early, sometimes late, maybe that is screwing me up.
text:When I have sleeping problem, I take warm shower. It help me a lot.	labels:good idea, i could try that.
text:As far as I know if we follow a particular time to go to bed eventually We start feeling sleepy at that time or body adapt it..	labels:oh ok, that makes sense. i wish my daughter lived closer so i can check on her, she is in another city which makes it hard. i worry. ok well thankyou for your help.
text: I can understand how hard it is for you. But nothing stays same. I wish your daughter will come out of it soon and wishing her success.   Meditation can help you  too. Before sleeping  you can concentrate on your breath..	labels:I appreciate your suggestions and will give them a try.   The warm shower sounds like a really good idea.   Thankyou so much. are you a parent?
text:Best wish for you! Wishing  you will have a nice sleep and refresh day afterwards.	labels:thank you i apprecaite that, to you as well.
text:Yes, I am a parent with 2 kids and can understand  your situation very well.	labels:bye and thank you again!	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you?	labels:I am down feeling depressed. I feel like the world is crashing down around me.
text:I have suffered from depression and know how hard that can be. What seems to have brought it on?	labels:Thinking about my kids and wanting to be able to hug them and see them they are in a different state. I have medications I take but I have so many different things going on.
text:Oh that is hard being separated from family.  Are you unable to t5ravel right now?	labels:I have PTSD, sleep apnea, and numerous other issues I suffer from as well.
text:I see. So are you being followed by a specialist?	labels:It is hard to travel at the moment I feel I can't trust anyone and don't like to be around a lot of people. I do see a specialist.
text:Okay so you are not feeling well enough to travel and see your kids am I right?	labels:It's even hard for me to go outside. No I am feeling very down and depressed right now and it is very hard.
text:That sounds like it would be isolating...are you able to keep in touch with people by telephone, video chat and what not, are you feeling well enough for that?	labels:My kids call me and facetime me.
text:I know when I am depressed I don't want to see or talk to anyone...	labels:My oldest son texts me a lot so I am thankful for that.
text:Oh I'm so glad you are in touch in that way, do you find them supportive?	labels:My kids make me happy to talk to but usually I don't feel like seeing anyone.
text:Is there any way they can come and visit you?	labels:I don't even know how to describe how I feel to people sometimes. I hope they will be coming soon when my youngest son gets out of school.
text:It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed right now. .	labels:My mood seems to go up and down but mostly stays down I don't like going anywhere.
text:Is there anyone else besides your specialist and your kids that you can reach out to for support in your community, even if it's just by pone?	labels:That makes me feel so bad too because I never used to be this way. I am remarried and my wife tries to help as much as possible.
text:And you won't feel this way forever, it will pass, know that, even if it does not feel like it, it will.  It can be hard to see any light at the end of the tunnel when we are depressed.	labels:I live close to my sister as well but it is still difficult for me to even talk a lot to them.
text:Oh that's great you have a supportive wife!.	labels:I feel like I don't have anyone sometimes and she is supportive but I just get to feeling down and shutdown.
text:In my community we have mental health programs, I am actually doing some via zoom, do you know if there is anything like that you can access?	labels:I shutdown from everything and feel worthless sometimes.
text:I understand that shut down feeling....I close right up when I am down.	labels:I hate to feel like that but I feel there is nothing I can do sometimes.
text:Feeling worthless, uninterested in going out, those are symptoms of depression, they will pass.	labels:I don't find fun in things I used to do that was fun. I feel so separated from people my parents both are gone now too.
text:Lack of interest in things is also a symptom of depression.   Once your depression lifts it will come back.   I'll tell you what helped me when I was depresed...	labels:My dad passed away 24 years ago and my mom passed away last easter too. what helped you?
text:I was taught to make very small goals.  For example, I found it hard to go out for a walk, even though I knew it would help my depression. (Exercise has been shown to be as effective as antidpressants)  So I was told, just walk around the block.  If that's too much, walk to the corner.   If that's too much, walk to the end f the driveway.  If that's too much, step outside.   If that's too much, put your shoes on.   Baby steps. And whatever small step you manage to acheive, celebrate it and reward yourself.	labels:I would like to know because I don't like the feeling of depression and anxiety not being able to sleep.
text:Ultimately, my last depression it was getting my covid shot that helped most....lifted a bunch of fear and anxiety and restored my hope. Does your specialist know you are this down?	labels:I try to go out and walk my wife likes to go outside so I try to do that but I still feel so down and I don't like how I feel I have become I get angry all the time too I feel like. Yes my specialist knows and I have appointments with them more often.
text:And losing your mum last Easter, you are probably still dealing with grief on top of everything else.   My parents are gone too, grief can be a long process.  Grief is tough.  That will get easier with time.	labels:My meds I take have been increased and I hate to just take meds to try to help.
text:The thing is though, depression is an illness.   Would you take meds for another sort of illness, something physical?	labels:It has been 24 years since my dad has passed away and he was my best friend and I still hurt everyday.
text:That is hard, I'm sorry you are hurting. Have you tried writing down your thoughts and feelings in a journal?	labels:I know and I try to get out but after I retired from military I still have thoughts about all that I seen there too and I hate that.
text:okay so the PTSD is related to time in the military?	labels:I don't like to tell everyone about that because I feel like I am bringing everyone down saying that too. Yes the PTSD is from the military time.
text:Are there any veterans groups in your area that help with that? Maybe connecting with others "in the same boat" would help.	labels:I am not sure but I don't like to be in big groups either.
text:Or maybe there is a way online you could do that, virtual meetings, since you find it hard to get out.   Could you handle a zoom group meeting?	labels:I get easily startled now too when I am outside I always feel like someone is coming close to me and no one is there.
text:I attend zoom group meetings for my mental health.  They have helped.	labels:I am not sure about that I feel ashamed a lot too about the way I feel.
text:You are going through a lot, but you are stronger than you feel, I know you can get through this.   Things will get easier.	labels:I don't think people should feel the way I do and I don't understand my feelings either.
text:Have you done any research online about PTSD....perhaps your veteran organization has resources on their website.	labels:I truly hope so because I feel like I am against a wall sometimes too with my thoughts and feelings.
text:That is so hard, I hear you.	labels:I have not done a lot of research but I need to try that.
text:Research is something solitary you can do.	labels:I feel like I am complaining to people too and that bothers me too because I am not.
text:Whereabouts do you live?	labels:I live in southern Tennessee.
text:Well you are being honest.  Some people will be able to handle that, some won't, but either way it takes courage to communicate how badly you feel.	labels:I am with the VA now they get all my appointments for me. I truly feel like my back is against the wall and I have never been that way I used to have fun.
text:ok good.   I see online that Tennessee Dept of Veterans lists some mental health resources.	labels:I go to see one of my specialists tomorrow actually VA.
text:You will have fun again.   Your feelings are due to depression, you will get through it, it will lift.	labels:I really appreciate you listening to me. You are very kind to listen and try to make things better.
text:Good.   Be honest and open with your specialist please?  That's important.   It's a pleasure listening to you, you're welcome.	labels:I hope you are right and someday these feelings do go.
text:Aw thank you for the compliment.	labels:I hope you have a great rest of your day and thank you so much for the kindness.
text:Honestly, I have been ill with depression several times, and have felt hopeless...and it always lifted. You're so welcome.   Feel better soon. .	labels:Thank you.
text:And don't give up!!!	labels:I am trying not too but that is the hard part. I feel alone a lot I understand I am not but that is how I feel. Bye for now and thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi!   How are you today?	labels:I'm grounded so i'm not happy.
text:I'm sorry to hear that.  It must be hard. Can I ask what has happened?	labels:My sibling broke the tv and blamed it on me and my parents believed them.
text:Oh no!  I'm sorry to hear that.   That must be a hard situation, to not have your folks believe you.	labels:It is very frustrating.
text:Have you spoken with your sibling about why they lied?	labels:No, we just got into a yelling fight about it and are both in our rooms now.
text:I'm sure it's frustrating when you know you're correct and no one believes you.	labels:Yes it is. I'd rather just run away from everything.
text:It's not cool that you're sibling lied, but it may be a good time to breathe a second.   Running away never solved anything.	labels:It is late at night.
text:So probably it's quiet.  this is a good time to take a breath and , literally try and sleep on it. What do you want to see happen?	labels:that is probably a good idea. I want my sibling to be punished not me and for parents to believe me.
text:OK, I understand. So, then, it's how to figure out how to make that happen.	labels:well my parents dont believe me so not much i can do.
text:May I ask why they believe your sibling?   Is your sibling a different age?	labels:they are younger and the favorite.
text:I understand.	labels:I just need to wait until I'm 18 so I can move far away.
text:So, it sounds like you already have a plan to turn things around.   How far away from 18 are you, if I can ask?	labels:1 year.
text:OK, good for you.   It may not seem like it, but you can do anything for a year.	labels:True. I can't wait.
text:So, the question is....how do you deal in the short term?	labels:It will be nice to get away and never talk to family again. Just hole up in my room and not talk to anyone from now on I think. only talk when necessary.
text:Yes.   I was going to suggest the "grey rock" technique. You would be only as polite as you need to be, and only engage others in a limited way.   You go about your business as you need to without the involvement of your other family members.	labels:That is a good idea. I will just do that. i can handle that for a year. thank you for your help.
text:you're welcome! I truly wish you the best.   Stay calm, you're a stone, and will get through this until you can leave.	labels:thanks have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?	labels:i feel upset today.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. Is there any particular reason you feel upset today?	labels:yes.i have sleeping problem.
text:That's really hard, but I'm sure we can find a way to make your sleeping more at ease. Has it been happening frequently?.	labels:yes.the problem occurs me daily night.
text:I had a problem sleeping before, is it ok if I give you some suggestions that helped me and might help you too?	labels:yes.sure i am ready to get suggetions from you.
text:Try practicing meditation and yoga, and avoid mobile phones atleast an hour before you sleep. Chamomile tea also helped me relaxed before.	labels:ok.its very good advice .i will follow these steps surely.
text:That's wonderful that you're very open, I'm sure you will be well in no time. If you still have a hard time sleeping, feel free to contact us again. We'll be happy to help.	labels:ya.sure.thanks you very much for the help.
text:You're welcome! Have a nice day.	labels:thank you so much .have a nice day.
text:Stay safe and try doing naps first.	labels:i decided to to yoga for better sleep.
text:that's wonderful. how did it go?	labels:its nice and going good.
text:That's wonderful. I also kept on doing yoga.	labels:ok.thank you.all the best too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how's your day?.	labels:Pretty ok but quite frustrating. How about you?
text:What is it you're feeling frustrated about? I am happy to listen..	labels:I'm frustrated I didn't start my work. It seems like it is straightforward but for some reason I can't seem to start.
text:Would you like to tell me what sort of work it is? Perhaps I can help..	labels:I need to analyze some data to get some information out of it..
text:Ah that does not sound like my sort of thing. Why is it you're having trouble starting, do you think?.	labels:I am afraid to not be able to get the results i want.
text:Well, I guess you could say that you won't get any results if you don't try though? :).	labels:Very true. But the just getting started part gives me anxiety.
text:Do you think that the anxiety might have another cause - you might have general problems with anxiety?.	labels:Hmm, probably. I should probably find ways to help myself. Any tips?
text:Well, I have heard of a thing called Mindfulness but I have never tried it myself. It sounds like it might be very effective though.	labels:I see. Will check it out..
text:Or you could perhaps try and get some sort of counselling?.	labels:While counseling is probably the best idea, that gives me the most anxiety. Finding one that I don't have to explain cultural things to is hard.
text:Yes it can be a vicious  circle sometimes. What sort of cultural things do you mean?.	labels:For example, like pressures of being an oldest child in asian household.
text:Ah, yes I know that that can be very difficult. And yes, I can understand why you'd want to see someone who would understand that particular situation. I hope that I have been able to help and thank you for confiding in me!.	labels:Thanks for listening! Appreciated your suggestions.
text:I am hear for a while if you want to talk again :D You have to press  quit first as I am not able to do so from my end.. here for a while sorry.	labels:oh, right, haha. thanks I think i'm good though..	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, what's going on today?.	labels:Not great. I think I have a problem with alcohol.
text:How so?.	labels:I've been drinking a lot and some mornings I wake up not remembering the night before.
text:I have done that myself, but being self aware is an advantage not many people have. How long has this been happening?.	labels:A couple of months on and off, but it's gotten a lot worse the last couple of weeks. I'm afraid I'm going down a bad road, but I don't know how to stop..
text:These are not the best times... but lets dig deeper to the root of this new behavior..	labels:How do we do that?
text:I have been down that road myself, and I didn't have anyone to help me. But luckily, you have resources and support. Help me understand what makes you drink? Is it a trigger like stress? Or just a habit?.	labels:Work has been stressful, but I feel like was before things got bad. Most nights I come home to drink so that I can forget about my day.
text:What do you do for work?.	labels:I work in finance at a large corporation.
text:Oh I can definitely understand your reasoning. I am not justifying your behavior, but at least we see now, it goes hand in hand. The corporate dinner parties and cocktail hours.. it is usually much deeper than the surface.	labels:Hmm. I never thought of it that way. I guess maybe I need to look into how such events affect me.
text:Usually when I find myself going off the deep end, I can reign it back by realizing that the power lies in me. My control to use a relaxer like a cocktail hour, to just be that. It does not have to be a contest. It should make you feel good, then leave it. But if you cannot control it, try and de-stress another way like baths or massages. It sounds like you are pretty self aware, which is a great short cut to this dilemma.. You can use this to your advantage, and make more conscious choices to better your life .	labels:Yeah, that makes sense.. I think I understand the problem I have much better now.
text:That is great, please share with me your findings.	labels:Honestly, I don't feel like I fit in at my job. I get concerned that my coworkers like me better after I've had a few drinks and loosened up a bit. But there's been more stress lately and I've been pushing it a lot more.
text:It is easy to get side tracked by ego especially in that field. Try to stay focused and remember why you are there. You aren't there to impress Jim. You are there to make money and achieve your goals. As long as your eyes stay on the goal, the rest will follow..	labels:Yeah. That makes sense. Thanks for your support.
text:You are a strong individual and I am here for you. You inspire me to do better!!.	labels:I don't know how I inspire anyone, but I appreciate it. Thanks for your help.	episode_done:True
text:HI I have such trouble sleeping.\nHello! How is life treating you right now?.	labels:Ok I guess but I can not shutt my brain off and relax.
text:I see .. so I hear you saying that you are suffering from very bad anxiety?.	labels:I guess, that would be what it is called I just always thought I am unable to sleep???
text:Ah I have had this problem myself. Have you consulted with your doctor?.	labels:No but I have been taking melatoning or pm medication but it does not really help either.
text:I am not sure what sort of medications they are - are they specifically for insomnia?.	labels:Melatonin, for sleep...and like tylenol PM... I also have taken over the counter sleep meds all of them are over the counteer.
text:I tried those too but did not find them very effective, did you?	labels:no i do not, but i do not want a prescription afraid of getting hooked.
text:There are some sleeping pills out there that are not addictive, or at least I believe so.	labels:I am even worried that you could get hooked with the over the counter stuff...it is a rough spot, I see all the night time TV shows...
text:I think the over the counter things are generally considered safe but you could ask the pharmacist..	labels:I guess I could...maybe it is age...
text:How old are you?	labels:I am 56 years old.
text:Ah, I am in my mid forties, everything starts to get harder health wise after that age don't you think?.	labels:I know it...LOL... things hurt i never even knew I had....
text:And sleeping problems start emerging, sigh. Do you get a chance to nap during the day?.	labels:NO I have never been able to sleep during the day unless I was sick, I work fulltime also. so i leave my house at 6 am and get back at 3 pm then dinner and household...
text:Sounds like you have a very packed life. Maybe you need more time to yourself to relax?	labels:Maybe just not sure how to get to that point.
text:Is there anyone in your home that you can discuss this with? Spouse?.	labels:LOL...you are funny my husband is self employeed I do all his paperwork, and he is not the empathetic kind...
text:I hear you on that one too :(. I think you are being put under unnecessary stress.	labels:I think you are right and I am sure I put a lot on that myself by trying to do everything right.
text:What are the chances of you doing something just for y ourself soon? A spa day maybe?	labels:I think I will do that ..it as good to talk to you....thanks for letting me vent.
text:No worries, I have a couple of minutes more to spare if you'd like to talk about something else :).	labels:NO I do appreciate it I got to get a shower...thanks again.
text:No problem at all :) can you just wait for the fifteen minute mark before pressing quit, thanks and have a great day.	labels:You too, you are very nice.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there how are things with you?.	labels:Hi I'm having trouble sleeping, have a lot on my mind...sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I have insomnia and I know how horrible it is. Have you seen your doctor?	labels:not for this.
text:It might be worth it. They might be able to arrange you some counselling..	labels:hmm yes maybe i should make an appointment....any idea what else I could try?  what works for your insommnia?
text:Nothing really lol. But there are things that can make it easier. There is over the counter medication available, for instance.	labels:hmm  i can't take those, am on other medications.
text:Oh that's a shame. Have you tried, for instance, getting some exercise an hour or two before bed?.	labels:it's weird because i fall asleep okay but then in the middle of the night i wake up worried, lol, most inconvenient.  I haven't tried that....hmmm maybe an after supper walk would help.
text:It sounds like there might be other issues at work too ... anxiety?.	labels:yes, am dealing with cancer and another family member had to go for some serious tests so I get anxious about that. i think you're right I should put in a call to my doctor and get an appointment.
text:Gosh I am very sorry to hear that. Have you spoken to your cancer doctor about it?.	labels:no actually i have not, perhaps i should.
text:There may be some relation between the two things, it's worth seeing..	labels:hmm yes you may well be right there, I hadn't htought of that.
text:Did the two things start at around the same time, do you remember?.	labels:I have a nurse at the cancer center I can call, she can perhaps advise me.
text:Yes - there may well be some physical thing going on as well as the anxiety..	labels:hmm....i think so now that I think about it, yes.
text:I would definitely advise talking to her then. There might be something helpful she can recommend..	labels:i have too much living to do have to beat this cancer!!   And getting a good night's sleep is important for my recovery.
text:Yes it definitely is. Are you at liberty to nap during the day if you feel really tired?.	labels:ok so a walk in the evening and call my cancer nurse and make a appointment wtih my doctore, you've given me a plan of action.
text:Try a nice milky drink just before you go to sleep too. Very soothing..	labels:yes I do nap, thankfully i live alone so it's nice and quiet :)
text:Watch one of your favourite movies before bed too .. that might relax you..	labels:thank yo9u so much for all your help today.
text:You're most welcome - we have to talk for fifteen mins though so is there anything else I can advise you with?	labels:have you tried meditation?  i was thinking of trying it. am not much of a movie person but maybe some meditation before bed would help.
text:I have not but my sister practices it and apparently she finds it really helpful..	labels:how long has she been meditating?
text:I think for over ten years. A Buddhist friend of hers taught her..	labels:oh cool....yes my sister meditates and has been encouraging me to try. well thank you again :) hope you have a good eve.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:Hey! Thank you for contacting me. Not too bad so far. What about you?
text:I am amazing thanks, the sun is shining. Today is a good day! So how can I help you?	labels:Lucky! It's raining and windy here! I am having this constant problem where I am really tired and so I go to bed but I cannot fall sleep for sooo long.
text:I am sorry to hear that, I used to have sleeping issues as well. What do you do in the hour leading up to bed time and what do you do in bed before you sleep?	labels:I tend to watch TV or check my phone, once in bed I just try to relax and close my eyes.
text:I made a rule in my house where we cannot use any technology 1 hour before bed time. We read a book for example. That might be something you can start to implement in your schedule. Cutting out technology 1 hour before bed time.	labels:I think that is a good rule, I have to recognize I use too much technology specially towards the evening/night. I will try to stop all that and have a read tonight, what about if that does not work? Have you tried anything else?
text:Don't feel bad, we all do it in this day and age.	labels:Thank you.
text:I also have a playlist of what's known as "white noise". Think of rain falling on the windows, a stream of water flowing, birds tweeting. This is what I listen to while I'm lying in bed waiting to go to sleep. You could try this as well.	labels:Yes! Thank you for that. I do love music and also the sound of the nature, it relaxes me... so I think that can work. I don't want to have to take pills to sleep or something like that if I can avoid it.
text:Sometimes sleep issues are not about you doing something wrong, just about how you can set your mind in a better place. No 100%, you shouldn't take pills unless its absolutely necessary, and I don't think it is right now. I think you can do this without pills.	labels:Absolutely, I agree with you. Thank you for your support. I believe I can create a much better sleeping routine. But it's just so easy to take the phone and start browsing news or check up funny videos.
text:No problem at all, its my pleasure. I believe you can as well :)	labels:When did you have this same issue, long ago?
text:Yes about 2 years ago I started to have sleep issues. I noticed the phone was the first thing I picked up after waking up, and the last thing I put down. It is terrible what technology and social media does to us. Yes about 2 years ago I started to have sleep issues. I noticed the phone was the first thing I picked up after waking up, and the last thing I put down. It is terrible what technology and social media does to us.	labels:I know! Thank you for your help and sharing your insight. It has been very useful and it's good to know it worked for you. I will try tonight.
text:Thats what I am here for :) I hope you have a great day my friend!	labels:And you too! Lovely talking to you. Have a nice day ahead.	episode_done:True
text:Hello my name is Lisa, how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm Megan. I'm just looking for some help really, I've been feeling down for a while and it's affecting my sleep. I feel tired during the day but cant fall or stay asleep at night..
text:Hi Megan, sorry to hear you are feeling down.  And having trouble falling asleep is something I go through from time to time, I'll share some tips I have if you like.	labels:That would be great, I'd appreciate some tips. Nice to know other people are in the same boat..
text:Just curious how long have you been feeling down?   And did you sleep okay before that?	labels:I think it's probably been around 6 months, but nothing that I can think triggered it. I have always had some problems with sleeping but it's never been this bad..
text:Okay so it sounds like your trouble sleeping has gotten worse since you started feeling low, and it's affecting your energy during the day then?  Am I understanding you right?	labels:That's exactly it, yes..
text:Here are some things I do....no coffee after noon...	labels:Okay, I drink a lot of coffee so that's definitely something I'll try.
text:I exercise in the morning if I can, for me that's a walk, I always sleep better on days I walk....	labels:Okay sure, I work in a desk job so I reckon moving around and getting out could help..
text:I LOVE coffee....had to wean myself back to maximum 3 cups in the morning though. Is your room quite dark? I got light blocking curtains....seems to help.	labels:Yeah at the moment I'm on around 6 cups a day so I'll cut it to 5 for a while then go from there. My room is dark, I have black out blinds..
text:Okay sounds good  :)  I use this podcast that has this guy with such a relaxing voice, doing guided sleep meditations, it's called Tracks to Relax. there's a premium option but the free is just fine.	labels:Thanks for the suggestion, sometimes I listen to ASMR on youtube so I'm always looking for new things to listen to whilst falling asleep. I'll go for the free version..
text:whats ASMR?	labels:It's relaxing whispering, usually speaking or noises using objects. I find it very relaxing..
text:hmm I"ll have to check that out!	labels:I think it helps me (usually), although not enough over the last few months unfortunately..
text:Have you spoken to your doctor about your low mood?	labels:Your tips have been helpful though I will definitely try to reduce the coffees and walk more. I have talked to my doctor about it but not for a while, maybe I should make an appointment..
text:It's really tough not sleeping and then being low energy all day, but I know you can get on top of it.   There's good info online too if you google "sleep hygeine"	labels:I'll try that after this chat, thanks.
text:YOu're very welcome it's been a pleasure chatting with you.	labels:It's been really helpful, thanks again for your help..	episode_done:True
text:Hello! What seems to be the problem?	labels:am having sleep disorder problem. will you able to help? Daily am not able to sleep on time.
text:I will try my best. I specialise in yoga and meditation.	labels:Great.
text:How long has this been happening for?	labels:past 2 weeks. will you able to help with some video links. which I can see and follow.
text:This may be an obvious question, but can you think of something that has changed in the last two weeks? Think about work related, personal life, changes in behaviour?	labels:yeah. may be work related. am spending more time on work. I need to switch some activities other than work. will you suggest to take off for few more days from work? will that work. or any other better solution.
text:It might solve as a temporary solution, however, if whatever happened at work to cause this continues when you return from holidays, you will just have the same problem again. What exactly do you think is causing it? Additional work/responsibilities? New manager?	labels:additional work being assigned to me. that causes more work stress. most of them are new to me, so am spending more time to learn.
text:Have you tried to speak to your manager about these additional responsibilities? Do you know if it is a short term problem or you will always have extra work being assigned?	labels:am trying to speak. but she is not listening much. let me try to tell my situation and get some better solution. will you able to share some yoga & mediation links? to divert me from the extra addiotnal work.
text:I don't think I can share links over here, however the activities you perform directly before you go to sleep have a direct impact on your sleeping. I would recommend trying to practice 30m-1h of yoga (you can find lodes of exercise videos on the internet to follow), followed by a mediation sound track for you to listen to in bed while you try to sleep. Keep your body and mind clear before you go to sleep has proven to allow for a better sleep. I used to have sleeping issues, and I started doing this 2 years ago, and I completely changed. I am an investment banker and still am, it is a very stressful environment however this has allowed me to work at the very top and remain in control of my body and mind. Please try this for 1 week, I know you can do it and I know it will help you long term.	labels:Sure. I can try whatever you suggested. am sure definitely I will get some changes. I felt good after chatting with you.
text:Thanks so good, I have really enjoyed talking to you too.	labels:Thank you so much for your advice and have a good day.
text:My pleasure, you too.	labels:Bye. closing this chat.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello there, how can I help you?	labels:yes i had problems sleeping one night. i was so angry that i couldnt sleep.
text:I am sorry to hear that. How often do you have problems sleeping?	labels:i have them frequently when my neighbors are loud with their music.
text:I hear you, I used to have noisy neighbours too. How long have you been living next to your noisy neighbours for?	labels:Its hard because they dont answer there door so i can tell them about the issue.
text:If noise levels are above the legal limit, you can get the police involved, however, its probably better to have that open conversation with them first. Let them have the opportunity to fix it before it escalates. Have you tried just a simple knock on the wall to let them know you are not happy? Since they are not answering the door.	labels:Unfotunately the police won't do anything about it because they know these neighbors are trouble. i even tried to communicate with the neighbor one day getting my mail.
text:I would personally try to write a letter and post it through their door, give them 24 hours to be able to read it and think about it.If they continue to be noisy the next day, you should definitely call the police. The police are there for law and order, and it sounds as though they are causing a public nuisance which is what the police are there to do, no matter how troublesome your neighbours are. They aren't above the law.	labels:i cannot write a letter because they will not understand since they dont speak english much, Again, the police don't wat to get involved, thank you for your input but i dont think i have anymore option but move and sell my house, I just think that getting away from them would help.
text:I understand you feel helpless, but I really think that is the last option. I don't know if you are saying the police will not help because this is what you have been told by a friend or this is your experience. But they really are there to help you in a case like this.	labels:i have contactd the police they told me its not a problem the can fix.
text:"Police typically are responsible for maintaining public order and safety, enforcing the law, and preventing, detecting, and investigating criminal activities. These functions are known as policing"	labels:apparently none of the household members will open the door for the police. i will try again. thank you for all your help i hope you have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:once i feel very happy when he was with me.\nIt seems like you are missing someone. Hope I get it correct.	labels:yeah but right now i would be recovering myself.
text:May I know where the person is right now whom you are missing so much?	labels:yeah he is in Canada right now.
text:means far away from you. It must be hard for you to stay apart from him.	labels:yeah its been really hard for me before.But right now i am with my family.so i just recover from that.
text:That's great! I can feel you really have a great family support. When I miss someone, I tried to call that person or do video call and spend time virtually. It makes me feel like that person is not far from me. I really feel connected. You should do that often..	labels:yeah i realize that too. no i think thats make me again hurt.
text:May I know do you have any issues with each other?	labels:no we dont have any issues between us.Its a situation that he decide to left me.
text:oh Sorry to hear about that. Are you still having good bon? If you want to stay connected with someone it is really important to have communication with each other..	labels:yeah but i had a good family right now.i don't want to hurt them either.
text:That's great if you want to move forward and forget about it. You should engage yourself in the activities which you like. It will help you a lot coming out from this situation. .	labels:YEAH REALLY THANKS FOR YOUR SUGGESTIONS.I REALLY WORK ON IT.
text:Best wishes for you! Please let me know if you need any other help.	labels:Really thanks for that.you done a great job.If i need any help means surely i'll revert you back.
text:ok! Have a wonderful day!	labels:Sure you to have a great day.
text:I think you should submit the test now.	labels:May be you should submit the test.
text:I don't have the option to do  that as a Peer supporter.	labels:i too don't have an option like that.
text:It at right bottom below where we are typing chat.	labels:yeah but its not been only finish,its been finish and quit button.i don't want quit here.
text:yes click on that. You can only do that. I have only quit option..	labels:if i quit what happen then.
text:Your test will be summited , don't worry. After you have to if a short survey.. I can quit the test if you want me to do that, but we both won't be compensated then..	labels:okay ill trust on you.	episode_done:True
text:What brings you online today? Can I help you with anything today?  We can just chat if you don’t have anything in particular you’d like to discuss. I’m Kim.  What’s your name?	labels:Hi there, I'd love some help.
text:Great! What’s going on?	labels:I've been struggling with sleep over the last few months, and it's making me tired during the day.. I have been finding it hard to stay asleep, and wake up tossing and turning constantly..
text:Lack of sleep will definitely make you tired during the day!  Is there something bothering you that causes you to stay awake during the night?	labels:I can't think of anything particular,  but my mood has been low generally for the last wee while which I imagine is probably the cause. I'm so tired during the day but as soon as my head hits the pillow at night I'm wide awake..
text:Well it sounds like you’re tired enough for sleep, but you’re still wired and can’t get the sleep you need. .	labels:That's exactly it. Do you have any advice on what I can do?.
text:Are you getting any physical activity in during the day to make body more willing to cooperate?	labels:I'm working in a desk job so spend almost all day sitting down. That could be part of the problem..
text:I’ve found that physical activity helps me to get to sleep even when I’m troubled mentally.  Another option is to slow your brain down so that your mind is relaxed.  That is much harder for me though!	labels:That's a good idea. I could try go out for a walk either before or after work as a starting point and see if that makes a difference..
text:That sounds like a good plan!  It also helps to make sure that it’s dark and very quiet.  Surprisingly enough, when they did research on sleep disorders they found that a lot of people just needed quiet and darkness. .	labels:Have you tried lavender? I have heard pillow or room sprays can be good for sleep..
text:Yep, I’ve tried a LOT of things.  I’m currently struggling with this myself.  I’m even trying out melatonin, tryptophan, and even CBD (not stoney weed oil)!  So far no success, but I’m still trying!	labels:I've heard people mention melatonin - I might use that later if other methods dont work. It's good to know other people are in the same boat..
text:It’s one of the reasons that it’s good to get outside.  Your body makes melatonin from sunshine, so going for a walk outside helps in 2 ways!	labels:If we had a little more sunshine where I live that would be fantastic!
text:Getting good sleep is critical.  Supplementing with melatonin might help compensate for your lack of sunshine!	labels:I'll look into it for sure. It's something I hadnt considered before this chat..
text:Glad I could help. .	labels:Thanks, the help was appreciated..
text:Anytime.  Is there anything else you wanted to discuss?	labels:That was all for today, thank you..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, would you be able to help me with a fear of mine?\nHello, how are you today? I will be glad to assist you.	labels:Thank you. I'm a little fearful and sad today because I found out my mother hurt her knee and won't be able to work for a while.
text:Sorry to hear that. is it possible her job can give her light duties for a while.	labels:Unfortunately she is a nurse and needs to be able to work with patients. I don't think there are any light duty options.
text:I can understand your concern for your mom, you sound like a caring child..	labels:Thank you, I think I am. I am always worrying about my mother, so this is nothing new. Although, financially this will be more stressful.
text:If I am understanding you correctly, you feel your mom may not be able to sustain herself during her time of recovery, is that correct?	labels:That's exactly right. I am worried because I think I may need to financially assist her if she doesn't recover soon and I also don't have much to sustain myself.
text:I totally understand. I have had to provide financial assistance in the past. A  technique that worked for me was reviewing and tweaking my expenditures for a short period of time..	labels:Yeah, that's a good idea. I should start saving a little bit specifically in case I need to help her. Thank you for the advice!
text:you are more than welcome. I hope your mom begins to feel better soon.	labels:Thank you. Do you have any advice for how to calm down fear?
text:Your concern for your Mom is understandable. I can tell you are facing the fear just by thinking ahead as to how you can assist her.  As you come up with workable solutions, hopefully your fear will diminish.  You are doing a great job of being there for her. .	labels:Thank you. That has given me a broader perspective, which I was in need of. I appreciate your help! Take care. Goodbye. Oh, and let's both hope the best for my mom! :)
text:Good bye,  Take care, and again i hope your Mom's recovery is quick and fast..	labels:Actually it looks like we need to chat a couple more times to earn the bonus. Would you have any suggestions on how I could talk to my mother? Should I tell her that I can help her financially or wait for her to ask?
text:Do you think sharing your ability to assist will ease her anxiety as she goes thru this?  .	labels:I think it might, but I also don't want to insult her.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm here to listen. What's going on?	labels:Thank you. I've lost my job and I'm very nervous about the future. As a result I am having a hard time sleeping.
text:Wow, that's very hard. I would be anxious too.	labels:That makes me feel a lot better. Have you ever lost your job?
text:I have. I was laid off. It was nerve-racking, but also really sad.	labels:What helped you get through it?
text:I had a bit in savings, but I looked for new jobs mostly. I was on unemployment insurance for about a month before I found a new job. Have you made any plans yet about how to move forward? I can offer some suggestions if you would like. I know about a lot of resources.	labels:I am a gig worker, so I cannot apply for IU. Its very hard, but i also have some savings. What kind of tools would you recommend I use to get through this.
text:Well, falling back on savings while you look for more work is good for a while. If you have any food insecurity as a result, there are often local food banks. It's really not something to be embarrased about, so many people face food insecurity through no fault of their own. You could also give a call to your local social services because they will be able to tell you what resources would be available, whether it's a vocational program or temporary assistance.	labels:Wow you're so helpful and encouraging! It's very nice to talk to you. Are there any meds you can recommend to help me sleep?
text:Well, if it's possible, I would talk to a doctor. If you're looking for Over-the-counter sleep medication, melatonin has helped me in the past..	labels:Wow! I've never used melatonin before. Did it really help you? Are you doing much better now?
text:It defiitely helps me fall asleep. It's a natural sleep aid. If something like that doesn't work, I would talk to a doctor. I know money will be tight though. Are there any free clinics near you?	labels:I'll look into it. There's a lot of services in the general area that might be able to help me. It's been really nice talking to you.
text:Thank you. I hope you're feeling a bit better. Is there anything else you want to talk about?	labels:No I'm okay. I think that's everything :)
text:Alright, well I hope you have a good night. Good luck, you've got this!	labels:You too :) Thanks <3.
text:Bye!	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing?	labels:IM HANGING IN THERE HOW ARE YOU?
text:I am okay. What would you like to talk to me about?	labels:Well, i have a problem with drinking alcoholI am so scared my job will find out.
text:Do you drink when you are at work?	labels:I have started calling in atleast twice as week. I have started drinking at work close to the end of my shift in the bathroom.
text:That does sound like it might be a big problem. How are  your employers reacting?. It sounds like you have a big problem that needs professional help, would you agree?.	labels:They have not mentioned anything to me yet..
text:I think it is likely to have been noticed though, at least..	labels:Yes I agree it sounds like a really big problem, but what should i do?
text:I think the best thing would be to be really honest with your employers and ask if you can have time off for professional help..	labels:That is a good idea.
text:Are you employers likely to be sympathetic?	labels:my main concern, that makes me fearful is being fired, and being the talk of the workplace.
text:Ah people do love to idly gossip don't they? I've been through that myself. I know it's hard to ignore them but it's best to try..	labels:My employer is an well known organization that employees over 3,000 people.
text:I do not know if they can fire you if you have a legitimate medical problem though. Well you could always shame them if they unfairly fired you..	labels:Very good to know that I will look into it. It did not start overnight and I don't expect it to end overnight. lol, yes that is true. Thank you so much for your time..
text:Large corporations are always over concerned about their images. (we have to talk for fifteen minutes :))	labels:oh ok I thought it was just for 10 lines, lol. but none the less, there are people really going through that scenario I just portrayex.
text:naw there's a time thing too :). Anyway, what sort of therapy do you think would be appropriate for you?. To be honest, and I mean this sincerely, I've been through it :(.	labels:I believe rehabilitative therapy would be best.
text:It can be very expensive though. In my country you can get it for free but there's a long waiting list..	labels:I have hads  a few drinks often but never abused it. thankfully.. Well here you might can get help for free, but it does have to be paid back.
text:Heh be grateful :). Are you in the US? Our healthcare system is a little less rigid here I think (UK)	labels:Yes Im in the United States (Alabama) I heard of the UK so many times but truthfully I know nothing about it.
text:Ah you are a long way away from me. I hope that you do manage to sort out your problems though and definitely do talk to your employers. Ah it's quite nice here. We pay for healthcare out of our taxes so it's free at source..	labels:I will eventually get the courage to, I know how people talk around here, especially in the South\
text:Gossipy people are the worst. Just remind yourself that they all have skeletons in their closets too.	labels:great advice.
text:Well anyway, I hope I have been able to offer your  some useful advice. I wish you all of the very best in the future.	labels:I think also the best thing to do is to talk to great people like you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?	labels:hello. meh. pretty sad.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I will help if I can - what is the matter?	labels:my family is very superficial. i'm sad they aren't able to connect with me in a meaningfulway.
text:(Sorry I was afk) I am really sorry to hear that. Can you elaborate a bit? Is it one specific family member or all of them?	labels:lol its all of them...parents and sister. idk it's a bit personal and very sad. i wouldn't want to make you sad too.
text:Is the problem bad enough that you feel you would like to cut them off entirely?. I am sorry, I was not trying to intrude :).	labels:yeah, actually my husband and i were talking about cutting them off. i've cut them off before but this time i have more stability and am happy with my life (unlike they come and ruin all the nice things in my life with their bad attitudes)
text:It is a very big decision to make, but in some cases it is the best one..	labels:#toxicfamily - it's just all very sad.
text:Is there any possibility of getting professional counselling or something before making the final decision?	labels:yeah we just talked to my therapist.
text:I am glad you have someone to talk to!.	labels:she said its best to not even write them. ive been trying for over 25 years. yea my husband and therapist are the best.
text:If a professional thinks that then maybe it really is the best thing to do. It seems unlikely they will change.	labels:yeah they aren't changing. they actually are getting worse! my mom accused my aunt of stealing from her. and turns out the money was under her mattress the whole time...
text:That sounds really bad. Making false accusations about people is evil..	labels:yeah, and then she forced my aunt to drive her to the bank and tried to jump out of the car!
text:Okay that sounds really bizarre. I think you truly are better off without them.	labels:yeah, she's a pretty terrible person :/
text:The saying that we can choose our friends but not our family is very true..	labels:yup. well thanks for listening.
text:You're most welcome :) We need to keep talking till fifteen mins is up though. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?	labels:Yea i thought it was 15 minutes but there in the side panel it says 10-15 but we can do a couple more minutes too.
text:No worries :). Please try not to fret too much about your problem - to be honest I have some weird family members too.	labels:for real... it was his adoptive dad's 92 nd birthday and they refused to pay for his dinner. they said they would pay for their own dinner only. and my dad is rich. and my family is in south america and they aren't poor but c'mon!
text:Wow... that is seriously toxic. Definitely you should be away from them, it will improve your life a lot.	labels:an entire 6-course dinner for 6 people is like $50 smh.... they are just awful people.
text:Anyway I hope I have been able to be of help and I wish you all the best for the future! I think things will be better when you are free of them..	labels:i hope so! its hard to cut them off but its worse if I stay. thanks dear. apprecaite the chat.
text:you too :) Can you press quit and take the survey as for some reason I can't do it first my end.	labels:thanks bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?\nHi there, how are you feeling?	labels:I'm alright, honestly I'm feeling rather ashamed. The reason for that and the problem that I'm facing is that I've had a drinking problem for quite a few years now, and I'm only 24 years old. Right now in my life I'm ready to seek help, but I'm having a lot of anxiety about it because I'm very worried about how others will judge me. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a facility might view me, and any one else that I will have to share my story with when getting treatment and how they might view me. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that I've made that have gotten me here and I guess my problem is that I just dont know how to get over these extreme anxieties and worries so that I can just finally make the step that I need so desperately and get help..
text:I am in a good position to help you as I am in the same situation. Please know you are not alone.. I would definitely recommend seeking help sooner rather than later!. Hello? Are you wanting to talk?	labels:Yes of course I didn't hear it go off, my apologies. I really appreciate that, it really is helpful knowing that I'm not the only one who feels this way. I really know that that's what I need to do, and I am trying my best to get over my fears and just do it ya know.
text:What level of alcohol consumption do you have?	labels:no matter how hard it seems, maybe it wont be when I actual do it.
text:Trust me everyone will be very sympathetic :).  Everyone there will be in the same place. And the longer you keep drinking the more damage you are doing to yourself.	labels:and quite a bit, about half a gallon or more a day . And thank you, I really do appreciate your help. I know that and I know its time for me to better my life because its no way to live ya know. Id like to grow up and have a normal life (:
text:I am not sure how much half a gallon is to you ... I am in the UK and I know it differs between the US and UK :).	labels:thank you, i do feel better about going now. I just dont know what to expect and it can be scary sometimes.
text:You will be treated with respect at all times.. You might even find that you make some new friends :). Ping :).	labels:You're right, and that's what I probably need also is some friends who are in similar positions.
text:I'd recommend online message boards.	labels:They'd understand my situation more, and be good influences.
text:Anyway I hope I have been able to help and thank you for talking!.	labels:alright, I havent looked into those but thats a good idea. I definitely will tonight. Of course, you really have. I appreciate your advice, it really did help calm my mind about the whole situation. Thank you again (:
text:Most welcome! Can you press quit first as alas I can't do it from my end till you have.	labels:yes of course.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?	labels:Hi like I said a bit down.
text:I did not see that, I am sorry. Do you want to talk about it? It might help.	labels:Ohh thank you for the offer. Proscanation is my thing i guess, and this days I am paying for it.
text:Is it affecting your work or your home life?	labels:Yes it affects everything..
text:Can you give me an example of something that has been affected recently? For instance, I had been putting off cleaning my house and then some friends dropped by without warning and I was mortified.	labels:I didn't meet deadline a year back, and lost my job. Now I couldn't even pay rents. Living with a sibling.
text:That sounds bad. Have you considered you might be suffering from depression?.	labels:Probably.
text:You sound quite lethargic. I think you should see a GP?	labels:Thank you.
text:Do you feel as though life is hopeless and there is no way forward?	labels:No no no ... me the super optimist.
text:Well that is something :) What are you looking forward to?	labels:Will achieve my goals with proscanation or not.
text:What sort of goals have you set for yourself?	labels:I have pills of written works, short stories, poetry novels and a few paintings, but not published yet. I might do that.
text:Well that sounds very creative! You should definitely publish.	labels:There is always "next year" so I am waiting for it....
text:No no do it now. You might have written a best seller and not know it..	labels:Thanks for talking to me,  very supportive..
text:You are more than welcome. I hope you feel a little reassured now..	labels:Yeah. nice talking to you. Will leave you now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, my name is Rose, how are you today?	labels:Hi Rose. I'm ok, but I get embarrassed about my curly hair.
text:What about your hair is embarrasing exactly?  Curls seem like a lovely thing to have (mine is dead straight, lets trade lol)  But no, seriously, what in particular don't you like about it? i admire people who have natural curls.	labels:They are unruly and not the pretty kind of curls. Often get frizzy by the end of the day. It get's frustrating when I always look a mess.
text:Oh I could see that being frustrating, if you can't keep them neat.. is your hair short or long?	labels:It is long..
text:have you thought of having it shorter, it might be easier to tame? Just a thought....you say you always look like a mess...is that your personal opinion or has anyone else commented on your hair?	labels:I started to cut it shorter last time, but my stylist said it would be big. It is hard to find the right product. It is my personal opinion.
text:have you asked a friend for an honest opinion?	labels:My friend likes my hair, but also says she can see that it is hard to manage.
text:I know I am my own worst enemy when it comes to my own appearance. .	labels:I can totally relate to that. I think we always want what we dont have.
text:One thing I have started doing, since my hair hasn't been cut for a year due to pandemic, is wearing hats. my hair is driving me crazy, so I get your frustration. Is it long enough to braid?	labels:I went a year without cutting mine as well for the same reason. That is probably why it felt so out of control now that you say that. Now that I am vaccinated I just got it cut. Maybe I will like it better now. Yes, I do like braids. That is a good idea.
text:yay!  a haircut!!!  Congrats.	labels:Thank you. It does make it feel a little better. I hope you can get yours cut soon too.
text:one last suggestion: ask more stylists' opinions perhaps? oh thankyou....had my shot yesterday....now I have to wait for our lockdown to expire (May 20) so I have a bit more shag to go.	labels:Yes, good idea. It seems it has been so long to be able to do this. Maybe I need to think of a new style. Had my second shot last Thursday so I hope opportunities like a new stylist happen soon.
text:Have you googled images for short curly hairstyles?	labels:I will look on Pinterest. Good idea.
text:Second shot congrats!!   Very exciting. Pinterest is a great source for hairstyles as I recall...there are boards and boards of them.  Good idea!	labels:Thank you. I can't believe how relieved I feel knowing I've had it. Sick for a couple days but worth it. Now I will feel like looking at pinterest more. Maybe you are right and I need something new and fresh.	episode_done:True
text:Hi I am seeking support to assist me with better sleep patterns.\nHi there, let me get a deeper understanding of your existing sleep pattern. Do you suffer from insomnia or another type of sleep disorder?.	labels:No, it is not insomnia.
text:Okay, are you drinking enough water and eating a healthy diet?.	labels:I could improve my water intake and eat more vegatables.
text:I like to analyze my own habits every now and then, it helps me stay in check. You can definitely benefit from meditating and self reflecting..	labels:Thanks!  What other ideas do you have?
text:Of course! I always knock right out after a workout. But if you aren't able to, just simple things like turning all the lights off at the same time every night and laying in bed will help. It will align your circadian rhythm!.	labels:Great, but I wake up frequently thinking about the recent events surrounding police and how they treat black people.
text:It definitely is a valid reason to be kept awake. The only good part about something so horrible, is that you have the power to make sure you will continue to be a good person. If everyone was as empathetic as you, the world would be a better place. Thank you for caring so deeply about such a brutal matter..	labels:I wish there were more caring people in the world.
text:Kindness is contagious, and you definitely have a kind heart. As long as you remain soft in a hard world, people will recognize that and follow suit. The world is becoming more aware, and we have the power to raise future generations with more knowledge and love for one another. Caring doesn't come naturally to many unfortunately, but the ways of inspiring the people that don't care, are endless. We as a society can definitely think of more ways to care for one another.	labels:Correct, but having a kind heart does not keep me from waking up & worrying about my son and other black men in my family..
text:I worry about my sons and husband and father all the time... I shift my focus on loving them and cherishing every moment we have together. Police or not, the time we have is not promised...	labels:That's good advice. Are you still there?
text:A hot cup of tea never hurt too! But in all seriousness, I can completely understand your sleep troubles. It is much deeper than just that. Perspective is the key to life. You are a strong and empathetic soul..	labels:okay. Love conquers all.
text:That is so beautifully true.	labels:I'm looking forward to a fulls night rest.
text:That is good, lavender baths or showers will also ease and relax the troubled mind..	labels:Relaxing is good therapy.
text:I like to relax with a book and a blanket sometimes too..	labels:Self care is needed.
text:Self care is definitely something we can overlook accidentally. Being self aware is a daily practice.	labels:I agree.  Loving ourselves & the ones we care about too. .	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHell, How can I help?	labels:I'm ashamed of how I look which makes me anxious when I have to attend zoom meetings, I have to leave my camera off.  It feels like cheating! I am badly in need of a haircut due to the pandemic...my short layered hair is now shoulder length shag lol...I hate the way I look right now and it gets me down.
text:Initially, I used to feel like that and never shared my camera but I know I can do all the time.	labels:oh really?  how long did it take you to get up the nerve....its been months and months of mic only for me lol...and the silly thing is the people i'm zooming with aren't particularly attractive so I shouldn't feel ashamed.
text:When I saw many people were sharing camera and they didnt care about anything - few sitting in room full of mess but they dint care.	labels:in person i am much more confidant...would like to care less. care less about being on cam i mean. some people look so comfortable and relaxed!  I just get seized up with anxiety.
text:correct - it is just our mind thing which stops us not to share but once you start sharing you will feel confident. Once you dont care what people think you will be more confident. You will also be used to it.	labels:maybe i should take the plunge...it seems so silly to me because logically i am not in these meetings to impress anyone. maybe i'll pick the least threatening meeting and start there...one that's a smaller group.
text:You can also try different backgrounds in Zoom which will improve the way you will look.	labels:oh really?  I haven't experimented with that.   maybe I can get a friend to practise that with me. that's a good idea.
text:Correct - you can start with your colleagues and then slowly you will start sharing in other meetings. no problem - practice always helps. Start small and then go big.	labels:its hard I'm getting older now (50's) and its hard seeing my appearance go downhill.   But at least it's happening with my other friends too lol.  Gravity is a bitch! what age group are you in?
text:I am nearly 50 as well. People over 50s looks better and I am sure your appearance is good as well. It is just thinking.	labels:hmm yes....my attitude and self defeating thoughts....i need to work on that, thank you for your encouragement.
text:It is all inside and outside appearance doesnt matter.	labels:You know you're right there.
text:All people over 50s are graceful - honest opinion.	labels:maybe it's like a lot of things for me, that always seem worse until i try them, then i'm like "what was I so worried about"
text:No worries about anything and enjoy life. 100% agreed - Initially, all looks difficult but by the time all becomes easy and we become so used to it.	labels:first world pandemic problems lol. i can't wait to have meetings in person again, so much better than zoom.
text:yes this will be over soon and we are also used to it.	labels:but i'm grateful we have zoom in the meantime, zoom's better than a conference call.
text:100% agreed - In person is always way better than remote.	labels:amen to that....it being over soon....we have all had to be so very patient. thankyou for your help today.   so I will first practise with a friend, and play around with backgrounds.  then I will take the plunge in a low-key small meeting and see how it goes.
text:I am sure it will be under control before end of 2021 - Optimistic.	labels:yes me too :) ok thank you again, stay safe and be well.  appreciate your help!  bye.
text:we just have to wait and follow all the guidelines.	labels:indeed.	episode_done:True
text:I have been having such a hard time falling asleep at night.\nNo need to worry and I am sure you will be able to overcome this.	labels:I sure hope so.
text:I had same issue with my sleep pattern and I did few things such as stretching exercise one hour before sleep.	labels:What kind of stretching did you do?
text:I used few from plate but you can any like arms, legs and etc - full body stretching.	labels:That is a good idea. How did it work.
text:It was really good and I also did lot of physical work throughout the day which helped a lot in falling a sleep at night. Few other tips - life style changes, breathing exercise, reduce screen use, reduce stress, being more active.	labels:Oh, those are a lot of choices to try. Do you have one that you think works best?
text:Yes You don't have to try all but just start with two to three first like breathing exercise, stretching and reduce screen usage.	labels:Does this help you stay asleep or just fall asleep.
text:I am sure you will see the difference in few days after trying these. After trying these my sleep patterns improved a lot - I am still doing it. Please let me know if you need any further help.	labels:Sure. How was your mood after getting sleep?
text:Amazing feeling when you have sound sleep.	labels:Yeah, I would imagine everything seems better with sleep.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.\nHow are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling okay how are you?
text:I am glad to hear that I am fine as well. How can I help you?	labels:Thank you. That is good. I feel I am depressed because I have been bullied and it is still continuing today.
text:I am sorry to hear that. How can I help you deal with the bullies? Can you stand up to them in a safe way?	labels:Well, to be honest, dealing with these bullies are pretty tough, Is there a safe way I can handle them?
text:I understand your concern, but I feel you have to tell them that you do not deserve to be bullied and they need to stop now.	labels:Okay. I will do that. Thank you. Also, what if one of the bullies starts a fight with me?
text:Do you need any more advice on this matter or do you have any other concerns? The bully is the problem, not you. Do you have anyone who can stand up to them with you for support?	labels:I do. One more piece of advice before we part ways. I have my fiance for support. I would want to know how I can stand up to these bullies.
text:Have your fiance approach them with you so you are safe. Be strong and firm and do this in a very public area if possible so you have witnesses. Do you have a meeting place where you feel safe?	labels:Yes he has. I will thank you. Yes. We are meeting in a park and I have people who are coming down.
text:I hope this is all behind you soon so you can feel better.	labels:I will thank you so much for your help.
text:When will this meeting take place?	labels:Today at 5 pm.
text:Please take care and stay safe. Are you nervous?	labels:I will thank you. I am but I think I will be alright.
text:I am so glad to hear this. Good luck!	labels:Thank you!
text:You are welcome!	labels:Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:I just can't make myself get started. There are so many dishes.\nSometimes even every day tasks can seem overwhelming. Do you have an idea of what makes you put off the dishes?	labels:I feel like I just don't know where to start.
text:How long have you been hesitant to start?	labels:I guess it has been a few days now.
text:I get it. Sometimes I find dishes so overwhelming that I will let them pile up. Maybe together we can figure out a way to break it into smaller tasks.	labels:Ok, I suppose I can try that. But I don't quite know where to start.
text:It is so hard to figure out where to start sometimes. Ok, I'll help with a plan. Maybe you can glance at the dishes and pull out the largest one that is dirty. Let's start there.	labels:Ok. That makes sense. There is a large pot. I think if I was that, maybe it would get me started.
text:yes, starting with the large pot would be a great place to start! Good thinking!	labels:Ok, but then what?
text:Well, washing the pot will make the overall task look smaller. Then, let's pick a second type of dish to focus on. After you wash the large pot, try to focus on larger bowls, then plates and cups. You could leave the silverware for last.	labels:Oh, thank you so much! It helps my anxiety to talk through a plan. Sometimes I get so anxious, it is hard to figure out how to break a large task down to something manageable on my own.
text:I am always happy to help. I find it difficult sometimes too. I really think you are figure out how to get through this and help your anxiety.	labels:Wow do you think so? Have you every had anxiety like this?
text:Yes, I have. I often look at work assignments as larger than they are and can only get started when I break them down. I really think you have done great job figuring out how to tackle the task that is causing you anxiety.	labels:I think so too. I hope I can apply this to other things. So, it's easy to figure out with things like dishes because there is a size. How do you do it when it is a task that isn't physical like this. Like work?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how is your feeling now?	labels:I feel very bad right now. I don't know how I should make my daughter understand that her dressing is not appropriate.
text:It sounds like your daughter does not understand your feelings.	labels:I think she does but is only being rebellious due to peer pressure. She is a good sensible girl.
text:I had similar situations. I had to tell my son to dress appropriately too.	labels:Should I take her for counselling so that she can understand that she doesn't have to dress like her friends in order to be with them?
text:Before you do that, did you communicate with her directly and express your concerns?	labels:I have tried that before and have even asked her grandmother to have a chat with her.
text:I totally understand how you feel. Take a deep breath and it can help you feel better.	labels:She doesn't have a mom figure in her life because her mom passed on when she was only three.
text:So sorry to hear this. I do think professional counselling can help.	labels:Its been quite a challenge to play both mom and dad in her life. Sometimes I feel inadequate to deal with female issues.
text:From our short conversation, I can feel the weights on your shoulder.	labels:It feels nice to know someone can understand me because I rarely talk about my feelings openly.
text:Yes, you have done very well. Don't get discouraged.	labels:So do you suggest I seek professional help for her?
text:Yes, please do. I also suggest youself watch some motivation videos online such as Jon Jandia's "life is easy". Life is easy. We made it too complicated.	labels:I will take your suggestion. And do you think its a good idea to take her shopping and show her some of the outfits that I approve off?
text:Yes, it is a good idea. Also tell her those clothes do not make her a different person. She can look at the mirror and she will see she is still the same no matter what clothes she wears.	labels:Thank you so much for the encouragement.
text:You are very welcome, good luck for everything.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:How is your feeling now?	labels:I have mixed feelings sad and angry at the same time.
text:It seems that you are feeling blue and upset by others, right?	labels:Yes. Am sad because I love my mom so much and I never like to get into arguments with her.
text:From the short conversation, I can feel how sad you are.	labels:Yes. My mom never approves of most of the things I do.
text:What kind of arguments did you have with your mom?	labels:Like the kind of friends I should have. I believe I have freedom to choose my friends not her.
text:I had similar situation like yours. My mom did not want me to make friends with some people..	labels:Really? How did you deal with that because for me it makes me angry.
text:I just had good conversations with my mom to express my thoughts. Did you have a frank chat with your mom to express your concerns?	labels:I try to but it never ends well if I don't agree with her suggestions.
text:Take a deep breath and it can make you feel better. What are her concerns about your friends?	labels:OK! I have taken a deep breath.
text:ok, that's good. tell me more about your mom's concerns of your friends.	labels:She feels that they have some bad influence on me because of their family background. I don't do anything bad with them. Some of my friends are so good they even inspire me to be better everyday.
text:My mom told me similar concerns before. It is understandable.	labels:All I need is to find a way to show her that I can make some good decisions as well and that she can trust me to make good friends. I have never gotten into trouble before with my friends.
text:My suggestion is that tell her these facts and she can make a better decision. I think she assumed your friends are bad influencers just based on their family background.	labels:Do I need to buy her a gift or something to let her know I care so as to start the conversation?
text:Yes, a good idea, it pleases her.	labels:Thank you for your time. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you today?	labels:The struggle is real my kids act as if they dont hear me which causes me to become overwhelmed and loud then they dont wanna listen anymore. I am well today and you/
text:That sounds really hard! Does that mean things tend to escalate quickly in your home?	labels:I am loking for ways to communiate better specifically with my 5 year old son. well i always get yelling as a response which is what i cant seem to breakas soon as my son gets mad he screams and calls for me no mater where i am or where he is. I don't wanna yell i wanna get my points across. I also homeschool them all so i am mom teacher and bas guy. bad guy.
text:That sounds really challenging. I grew up in a home with a lot of yelling, and after a few years it just became our default for communicating with each other. I really regret that we didn't do anything to change the pattern sooner. What have you tried to break the pattern so far?	labels:yes i can not have that become the normal. I want to feel proud of their beviors they need to learn manners which i think is someting they really missed out on in public schools. the need to conform wouldve taught them manners without them even noticing. So far i try to keep myslef calm and communicate simplyi still get screams back and i just try to make him ty again with a nice voice and tell him i am here to help if he can talk to me. Do you have kids? what do you suggest? somedays I feel like I am in a mad house..
text:That sounds like you're trying really hard to set a good example. It also sounds like you think they may have learned that yelling is okay from their schools. Is that right?	labels:i am trying but i was not raised with the best habits so teaching myself and my kids to be good and consotant has been a challenge. no i thnk they wouldve learned why not to yell at peopel if they went to public school. they are homeschooled with me, my daigther went to preschool briefly but that was it.
text:I understand that - I've spent a lot of time trying to teach myself to be better than the home I grew up in.	labels:darn parents, lol.
text:Ahaha exactly! I don't have kids of my own, but I've been trying to learn from my friends who do have kids.	labels:i do hope they learn to be kind and strive to learn and be smart. games and devices have also become somewhat of the enemy, and savior somedays. good plan, learn before you have your own, thats what my plan was, i was supposed to have life figured out before they got here.
text:One of my friends who has a really peaceful household maintains a high standard of speaking to her kids like adults and only engaging in conversation when they're speaking respectfully.	labels:but ya know they have been the best teachers this far in my life. good tips i will try to do that more and talk to them like adults.
text:I really like how she does that - only engaging in respectful conversation and not letting the yelling escalate. I work with kids sometimes, too, and it seems like they all just want to be big kids and be treated that way, too.	labels:i try not to engage in harmful destructive communication yes that is important, i am so emotional it is hard to stay calm when i am not liking what's happening.
text:It's so hard! Who can be a full-time parent and best friend and take care of your own life, too. It sounds like you have the best intentions, and you're working really hard on it.	labels:well me hopefully lol.
text:It can be so hard, so frustrating, and so easy to revert to those habits we both grew up with.	labels:thanks i guess i make it sound ok, i am ok they are good kids at the core thewy kjust need to work on not freaking out. yes it can i get loud too much and my mom always yelled i hated it and told myself I hated it growing up.
text:I have a co-worker who has kids with special needs, and she has this great phrase for working with her kids.	labels:what is it. i must know lol. any and all advice taken here.
text:She says, "is this a small feeling or a big feeling?" and then, "Are you having a big reaction, or a small reaction?", and it really helps her kids self-soothe.	labels:interesting is she implying having a big reaction to a small feeling is unnessacary?
text:She's also taught them that if they're being mean to mom (taking something else out on her), they're allowed to say, "I'm sorry, I'm not acting or feeling my best right now, and I'm going to take a minute to myself." Do you think your kids might relate to that?	labels:thats wise i must sit with that for a bit and at least talk about their feelings more i bet if i help my kids to feel more validated they will feel heard better and maybe not yell.
text:Yea, exactly! Trying to teach her kids that it makes more sense for their reactions to be more proportionate to their feelings and to the importance of a situation. It's really helped her address tantrums and help her kids be more self-aware.	labels:i would fall over if my kids said that to me, lol, that would be an improvement to say the least. wow is she a therapist/
text:Ahahahah. I believe in you! Just the mom to a kid with autism. She's had to learn a lot of special skills!	labels:thanks a lot random stranger, lol, no offense, it is just so random where we find support right lol. i am thankful for all the advice.
text:Happy to be a helpful random stranger to you! Good luck!	labels:your two sense has helped thanks alot, i gonna go talk to my son now while this is fresh on my  mind have a good day.
text:I'll be thinking of you :)	labels:thanks my name is kaleigh. whats your stranger.
text:I'm Marissa.	labels:nice to meet you and have a good one.	episode_done:True
text:Hi Thank you for your time.\nOf course, I would love to hear what is going on.	labels:Thank you. My name is DJ and I do appreciate your time.
text:What would you like to discuss?	labels:I really have a desire to write a life experience book to help others overcome past failures and struggles.
text:That is great!  I am sure so many people would benefit from the advice and outlook.	labels:I am 66 and believe I can help others. I lack so much motivation. Thank you. That is very affirming. Yet, I have a block. I feel unworthy to write. Who am I.
text:It seems like it might be overwhelming for you to begin.  Maybe you can start small, like think of ideas or maybe just start writing 10 minutes a day. Everybody has a story and we can all learn from others.  You don't need to a famous but just honest with what you have learned from your life.	labels:Yes, I have been given this encouragement from other writers. Yet, still feel like I lack motivation and passion. Hmmmm. That is so true. I just get frustrated with myself.
text:Maybe you can start with a part of your life that you do feel passionate about first.  I know for me, it's easier to start with something I enjoy the most.	labels:Yeah, thats interesting. I am a Life Coach and that is what I tell others.
text:Yes, I understand it is easy to get frustrated with a lack of motivation.	labels:Thanks. I appreaciate what you are saying. Have you ever thought about writing....book, blog?
text:I am happy to help. Sometimes what we need is someone who affirms our dreams. I haven't, I'm not much of a writer.  However, who knows in the future. .	labels:You said you understand my frustration.....How so?. Sorry, I don't mean to be forward. I have had others tell me they understand. And yet, really don't. They are nice, encouraging. And appreciated.
text:Oh, I definitely feel frustrated with myself when I was to start a project and don't have the energy or motivation to go through with it.  This has happened on many home projects or craft project.  Or even with losing weight and make healthy decisions. No, I am glad you asked.  It is important to be honest and learn from others.	labels:Wow! Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty and you definatly understand about frustration. Yes, that is so true. That is what I do with those I Coach, counsel and consult with. Yeah, I appreciate chatting. This is good.
text:Well, I hope I encouraged you a little to keep going and start you book, at least a part you enjoy. . You are welcome.  Good luck with your book.	labels:Yeah, I've got some ideas. I need to take my own advice. Thank you for your time. You are good at this. Take care. God bless.
text:Haha, yes, sometimes listening to ourselves can be the hardest! Good bye!	labels:This has been refreshing. Bye..	episode_done:True
text:I don't know what to do anymore. i feel completely lost.\nCan you talk more about your feelings now?	labels:Well i just feel ugly all the time. ive changed my eating habits and i just cant seem to lose any weight. and i know or i feel as if hes just not physically attracted to me anymore and that breaks my heart.
text:I can completely understand your feelings. I can feel how stressed out you are about your weight. Did you try doing more exercises and control your diet?.	labels:ive tried talking to him about it but he doesnt seem to even listen to me at all.. i have changed my diet, and take walks with my kids but dont really have a gym membership. and anyone to watch my kids 5 and 3. but for some reason i cant get below 150.
text:I have experienced similar situation. I talked to a consultant and he gave me some good advice on diet. Did you talk to a professional?	labels:mind u i was 125 and fit for the 10 years we were together before we had kids. like a doctor? because my other siblings who are very much in our lives are health freaks and fanatics.
text:I talked to a nutritionist and it really helped. They are professionals who can look into your diet and give suggestions..	labels:but they dont have kids. i did get a sensitivity food test that showed me what could possibly be triggering my body.
text:Can you hire a nanny and free your time?	labels:that did help me in what i should eliminate. cant really afford a nanny for 2 kids at the moment.
text:Were you able to eliminate those foods? Some gym provides free day care and you can drop to their day care before you start exercises..	labels:not all completely but i have been taking a little bit out at a time. yeah not around here especially because of the pandemic. in california things are really expensive here.
text:Did you consider moving to cheaper locations?	labels:not really i have family here which i want my kids to be as close as possible i would have to move to another state. but that would take a lot of consideration on both of our parts. i just dont understand why my bf wont take me serious and actually listen to me when im telling him how i feel.	episode_done:True
text:Hello my name is Sharon, how are you today? :)	labels:Hi Sharon. Am good just concerned about my son.
text:Oh I see.  What's happening with your son?	labels:I suspect my son is in bad company. His most recent behaviour is so different from what I am used to.
text:Oh that's hard to deal with.   My daughter ran with a bad crowd for a while and I remember the deep worry. What sort of behaviour are you noticing?  How old is he?	labels:My son is 15. Recently he's keeping to himself and mostly stays locked in his room. He barely allows anyone in.
text:And when you try and talk to him about it what does he say?	labels:He says he's studying online. But I suspect he's doing other stuff online apart from study.
text:Oh I see.  Apart from isolating how is he doing otherwise, like at school?  Is he still seeing his friends at all? It can be scary not knowing what our kids are up to online.	labels:Not really. He just has this one particular friend who comes over sometimes and they lock themselves in the room.
text:Hmm.  So a lot of mystery.   I can understand you being worried.   Is he your only child?	labels:I am so scared I don't want to confront him I have always tried to show him how much I trust him as away to make him feel responsible enough. Yes. He is my only child and I am single parent.
text:Thats good parenting!   Perhaps if you frame it as being about you, e.g. "I am getting really worried, can you please explain....it's affecting me (affecting my sleep/work/whatever" .... maybe it will inspire him to be more forthcoming. Any signs of depression?   I have been depresed before, and self-isolating can be a symptom, I've been there...	labels:Never thought of it that way. That could be a possibility. But he always seems happy and we chat a lot onlythat he his behind closed doors in his room for a long time everyday. Am also concerned about the friend who comes over. I don't really know his family or home just that he's from the neighborhood and they go to the same school.
text:Hmm.  My other thought is tell him what you just told me, that you have been trying to show him that you trust him....but be honest and tell him you are afraid.   Hopefully, he won't want you feeling that way, and will open up a bit. Yes I can see that being concerning when you know nothing about the friend.   Yet you walk a fine line because he needs the freedom and autonomy to choose his friends without explanation required...it's such a balancing act.   I can tell you that I have raised a daughter, and that teen years were tougher than toddlerhood.   Lots of worry, but she came through it and is fine now. I wonder if there is a teacher he is close to that you could bring your concerns to, perhaps the teacher may have some insight about yoru son to offer?	labels:I find reassurance from your words. Its been tough for me this far we have come with my son and I want us to be close even as he growing up to become a young man. I have a good relationship with their teacher and will definitely give her a friendly call to know more from her.
text:Oh good.   And it may be just a normal part of his development.   Teens pull away from parents, peer group becomes far more important.  It may be as simple as that. It took my daughter about 15 years to "come back to me" and now we have a close relationship again....so even if he seems to be drifting away know that it's normal and that will change in the future.	labels:Good to know that from an experienced parent. I will try communicate my worries and my intensions to him. I hope he will understand and not pull away.
text:And in the meantime remember to take extra good care of yourself :)   Sometimes as moms we forget to do special things for ourselves.   You are doing the hardest and most imporant job in the world so it's important to recognize that and reward yourself for it.   I hope that conversation goes well for you, that you will have with him.	labels:Thank you for your time and experienced advise.
text:Oh you're so welcome, it's been a pleasure speaking with you.	labels:The pleasure was all mine. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you doing today?	labels:Am ok but feeling sad and anxious.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you are sad and anxious. Do you know what is causing you to feel that way?	labels:Yes. I recently lost my childhood best friend to covid 19.
text: I can only imagine how sad you feel from losing your best friend. Hopefully chatting some will help. I know in the past when I lost someone it was nice to just have a conversation to help put my mind at ease.	labels:Sure. I feel so lonely sometimes because we were very close.
text:I can imagine that you are feeling lonely. Did you have any mutual friends with your best friend that you can reach out to? I am sure they are feeling the same way and it could help both of you to talk to each other and share stories.	labels:Yes we have mutual friends. I do reach out to them sometimes. But the feeling doesn't go away. It makes me have sleepless nights. I can't sleep. Every time I close my eyes I see him very close to me like we are having conversations..
text:It sounds like you were really close to your best friend. It can take time to get through the grief of losing someone. Things will get better I promise.	labels:I hope so too. And I hope he is a better place. Have you ever lost someone close to you?
text:I lost my father when I was 19. That was pretty tough and it took me years to be OK with it. There are still days a decade later where I think about him and miss him..	labels:Sorry to hear that.
text:Time heals all wounds. While that doesn't sound helpful now it is true. I also found focusing on the good experiences I had with my father (or in this case your best friend) helps. Remembering the times where you both were happy..	labels:I will try to do that. How can I handle this sleepless nights?
text:That's a tough one. I personally still struggle with sleep for other reasons. Some things that can help is taking melatonin 30 minutes before bed. I have also had some luck with white noise machines or other soothing sound machines. The biggest thing is to not use your bedroom for anything but sleeping; so don't read a book or play on your phone in bed, you have to train your body that when you go to bed it is time to sleep..	labels:Sounds like stuff I can try out.. I have a strong attachment to my phone. Will be a tough one to try leaving it off while I try to get some sleep.
text:Having a bedtime routine is also another tip. Try to do the same thing every night before bed. Have a consistent bedtime, wake up around the same time everyday, even on days that you don't have to go to work. Yes, phone's are tough to give up but soooo many studies show how bad they are for your sleep.. I believe in you though, you will get through this.	labels:Good thoughts there. Will definitely try out the tips. I feel better already just talking to you. Thank you, Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:Am feeling down and blue.
text:I understand that you are feeling down and blue and that isn't good. What is making you feel down and blue do you think?	labels:Recently no one in my family is talking to me. I think they are mad I went back to taking alcohol.I was depressed because I lost my job.
text:I've struggled with alcohol before too and understand how tough it is to not drink especially during a tough time like after losing a job. Don't beat yourself up, it's only natural and you have the power to get through this trying time.	labels:I feel calm to know someone else knows what am feeling.
text:How long ago did you lose your job?	labels:How can I stop going back to alcohol when am depressed? Its been a few weeks since I lost my job but I never told anyone In my family.
text:My advice is to try to talk to your family and explain to them that you lost your job and are feeling down. While they may not accept it at first it is a good start to try to give them some context for why you are drinking. Alcohol is a way of self medicating; some people find it helpful to talk to a doctor to get an actual prescription for a medication to help. I personally stopped drinking once my doctor found the correct medication for me. That allowed me to be happy without drinking.	labels:I am not sure who to talk to first. Mom or Dad? Am worried my mom will make a big issue out of it.
text:Talk to who you feel most comfortable with. Start off easy. Hopefully they can help you then talk to the other parent. I am sure your parents have once had a period in life where they were down and blue and can relate to what you are going through.	labels:I feel reassured now will definitely find time to face dad and let him know what am going through. Thank you was nice talking to someone who can understand me easily. Bye.
text:You are welcome. Best of luck! I believe you have to end the conversation as I am not able to. I am here to keep on talking too if you would like.	labels:One more question, did you stop drinking alcohol completely or did you go about your consuption?
text:I have done both; I have gone periods of 6-12 months having nothing to drink and then when I could control it I would allow myself to have drinks on special occasions. I tried not to drink during the week and only once on the weekend at most.	labels:That sounds like a good plan. I hope I will also come up something that can work for me. Also, will try seeking help from my doctor. Thank you once more. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:It keeps us up at night because we know she isn't sleeping.  Worse part is there is nothing we can do to help her.\nHi! It seems someone in the family is having sleeping issues. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:My daughter is really sick and its causing her to have trouble sleeping.  Not sure what to do.
text:Sorry to here about it. It must be hard for you to see her in trouble.. May I ask What happen to her..	labels:It is.  She's miserable, and it's causing us to not sleep as well. It's nothing serious, common cold, but she has asthma so whenever she gets sick, it causes labored breathing.
text:I can feel how stressed you are right now but she will recover fast..	labels:I know she will, I always lack sleep whenever she's not feeling well.  I wish I could be sick for her.
text:When my kid have cold, I nebulize her and later it make her sleep well.	labels:We do the same for her, and it helps for a couple hours but then she's up again.
text:Some people says giving green tea helps in cold.	labels:Really, I'll have to try that. Thank you!
text:Taking steamed shower helps in cold as well. You can try that too. I will pray for her speedy recovery.	labels:Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful. I feel much better after talking with you. I hope you have a good rest of the day.
text:Mt best wishes are there with you. Be positive she will sleep well and recover soon.	labels:I will. And I pray that she will.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, how are you today?	labels:Hello! I am doing ok today. Just getting through the day I suppose.
text:It sounds like you're having a rough day.. Anything in particular happened?.	labels:Just an average day if I had to describe it. Nothing particularly unusual or bad. Worked for about 8 hours and now no plans for the night.
text:I get that. Some days are just meh, but nights can feel especially lonely..	labels:Exactly. I find that when the night starts seeping in the loneliness comes up especially with no concrete plans or things to keep busy.
text:I've felt like that too. The business of the day makes you forget, then it's time for bed and you remember..	labels:And for me it's the build up to bed time. Those hours to fill with either dinner, watching tv, reading or whatever. Plenty of time let me mind wander and think the worst.
text:It sounds like your day to day gets very lonely..	labels:From time to time yes. I have a dog so that's nice company. Even then I sometimes turn to drinking to clear my mind.
text:Dogs or pets in general really help to alleviate depression..	labels:Yes! Something to make me feel needed and companionship knowing he's depending on me.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any friends to talk to or groups about it you can join? Exactly! Dogs really do love you no matter what..	labels:I do. I've been better about reaching out to people and joining a few online groups. It has helped for sure but I still find myself with the feelings from time to time.
text:Personally, I have a betta fish, but he seems happy to see me. That's great! The first step in recovery is reaching out for help. You're doing the right thing.	labels:That's cute. Fish are less work than dogs but still a way to feel needed with food and water changes. That's good to hear. Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough to get help but each meeting or talk with friends is a step in the right direction.
text:I'm glad he doesn't need to walk, but I'm sure the fresh air is nice. I know it can feel like you're a bother, but you aren't. I'm glad you're reaching out to those who care..	labels:Thanks. Good to hear that even from a stranger. It feels like a bother to burden others with my "problems" even though they are supportive.
text:I feel like that too. It's easy to feel "strong" for holding it in, but it's just as strong to let those feelings out. Well, stronger. I'm sorry. I hope that made sense.	labels:Even this was helpful. I was leaning towards pouring that first drink of the night soon, but just a quick chat like this has helped me reframe and stay strong for tonight at least.
text:I'm glad. Things are tough but you can do it! Moment to moment is easier than a day at a time.	labels:Well, thank you so much. This was a nice chat that definitely helped me. Hope you have a good rest of your night.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello my name is Sue, how are you today?	labels:I am ok. Just very sleepy.
text:Why are you sleepy?  Long day?	labels:I have been having trouble getting to sleep on time.
text:Oh I see, so you aren't getting enough sleep am I right?	labels:Yes. I find it hard to fall asleep. This happens most nights.
text:What typically happens when you try to go to sleep?   Is it hard to quiet your mind?	labels:I just feel anxious and sometimes I don't even know why. But yes my mind keeps going..
text:Not sleeping well is a problem I have on and off as well, and I have found those next days so tiring and frustrating.   If you like I can share some of the things that have helped me?	labels:Yes please. Maybe something you did could help me too. Did you also have trouble quieting your mind?
text:I use this great free podcast called Tracks to Relax, it has guided meditations that really help me get to sleep.  The seem to shut down my mind when I am thinking too much at bedtime.   Which can happen to me some nights, anxieties can keep me awake. The host's voice is super soothing and he spirits you away to the beach or the woods and before you know it you're out! I also have strict bedtime/waketime that I follow, it's set up on my cellphone.  No more sleepign in, because that just made it harder for me to get to sleep the next night.	labels:That sounds like something I could try. Did you just google Tracks to Relax?
text:um I think there may be a website but I found it by opening up the Podcast app on my phone and doing a search..  There are premium options but I just use the free stuff. do you use spotify?	labels:I have in the past. Is it on Spotify?
text:um i am not sure let me check real quickly, one moment.	labels:That is very nice of you. Thank you.
text:yes it is!  you are welcome.	labels:How long does it go for?.
text:The reason I brought up spotify is that sometimes I listen to a playlist on there called "Gentle Lapping Waves" which is super relaxing...and I set my cellphone to turn it off after half an hour or so.   As for Tracks to Relax I think most are about 40 minutes?   To be honest I am not sure.   I fall asleep midway through hehe. do you have someone you can talk to about your anxieties like a counsellor?	labels:I do not. But I will try with the podcast. It is easy and free. And if it gets worse I can look into getting professional help. Thank you for listening to me and thank you for your recommendations.
text:OH another trick I use to get the thoughts "out of my head" is journaling.  You are so welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you.   All the best in your quest for a good night's sleep :)	labels:That is a good idea too! Thanks again and enjoy the rest of your day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you doing?.	labels:Hi, i'm really anxiety for my next test.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What about it is making you anxious?.	labels:Perhaps I'm worried if I'll pass the test or not.
text:That definitely would make someone anxious.. Do you want advice, or would you just like me to be here for you?	labels:can you give me an advice?
text:Of course. It might help to do something that relaxes you: listening to music, or maybe talking to a friend.	labels:I like listening to music, it's really goof to relax.
text:Maybe, you can practice some self affirmation too! If you studied and paid attention, you know you can do your best on the test.	labels:talking to a friend sometimes it help too. Yes, it's true. but I always paid attention on the class.
text:Sometimes, when you've done all you can do, it helps to rewind. You sound like a good student, I know you'll do your best.	labels:well, I tried to do good, but not all the times. Thanks for the advice.
text:I know it can be frustrating when we don't do well, but that's ok. Of course! If you're done talking, feel free to end the session.	labels:Yes, but at least I do everything that I can do. No, it's ok. Probably I will try to listen to a music before the test.
text:Okay, whenever you're ready. I know you'll try very hard! Relax so you can do your best.	labels:Yes, because sometimes I see people studying before the test and I don't think it's a good idea due to you will be more anxious.
text:I agree. It can stress you out more when you're already stressed.	labels:People try studying until late and they don't sleep properly which is bad for them. I try study the day before but not until late. and sleep well.
text:Yes, people do better on tests when they are well rested. It sounds like you're on the right track! Keep it up.	labels:ok, I good now. thank you for talking to me. bye.	episode_done:True
text:I could not sleep at night.\nThat is unfortunate to hear; is this a usual difficulty at night?	labels:Yes. At all nights I feel insecured.
text:It is most uncomfortable when you cannot feel secure in your bed for sleep.	labels:Yes. I feel like there is no one for me. I think I need some support.
text:Some nights I have suffered from feeling as you describe. Have you discussed this with anyone you feel close with?.	labels:No I feel ashamed to discuss my problem. What did you did in your situation?
text:In my situation, I met a small pet dog I became close with; he does not like to sleep alone either, so we are now close and keep each other company at night to sleep. Do you think a small pet would be of any comfort to your situation?	labels:That is a good idea but I don't like dogs. I think I may try it with cats or fishes. What do you think about it?
text:I understand everyone has their preference about pets or animals.	labels:Yeah Thank you for understanding me. I thought no one understands me.
text:A cat is a sweet companion and also like to sleep comfortable with people at night.	labels:Yes now I decided to buy a cat. And I think my problems will be sorted after the cat comes.
text:I feel alone sometime as well, so do not feel misunderstood. I believe it may be natural for us to feel this way from time to time.	labels:Yes That may be true. But my problems are disturbing my sleep.
text:Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance. Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance.	labels:Yes I think so. I will try out this idea for my next night sleep. Do you have any other ideas.
text:Have you ever considered an online friend to chat with before going to bed to help to keep you  company?.	labels:No I never considered this before.
text:This has helped me to calm my mind in the past, since sometimes they can also relieve their mind with you before they sleep as well. Just as we are talking now.	labels:Thank you for your concern.
text:Do you think this may be a relatable way to help soothe your mind before sleeping?	labels:Yes I think so.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hope you are doing great! How can I assist you?	labels:I need assistance in sleeping sound at day time.
text:I looks like you have hard time in sleeping. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:Yes. I don't want to go by medicine.
text:Are you working late at night? is that the reason you want to sleep at day time.	labels:Not late at night. But thoughout the night, starting in the evening ending in the morning. In between I can sleep enough I want, no throughout the night.
text:I can totally understand how you feel without proper sleep. Our body need full rest to function well.	labels:Do you know any kind of exercise that can bring good sleep, not a medicine.
text:As far as I understand that you don't have long sound sleep. May I know your schedule please. Just wanted to know how intense is your work and trying to analyze the reason behind sleeplessness.	labels:Yes again. I have to do something to sleep well. My schedule starts in the evening extends through the night. But I can take sleep as much I want. But not throughout the night.
text:When I feel restless and want to sleep well, I take warm shower before sleeping and it helps me. At day time try to keep your bedroom dark so you can sleep for longer. Enough sleep is very important for good health..	labels:Warm shower helps you sleep. I learn to do that. I was thinking a bath will keep me fresh and will reduce sleep. Thanks for your advice. Also I am making arrangements to keep my room full dark, no small light at all. Thanks again for your advice.
text:Some people put soothing soft music to make them sleep too. Have you ever tried that?	labels:Yes. I like songs. May be that will also help me for good sleeping. I will try that. I think it will help.
text:Hope it will help you. Do you any any other help?	labels:Thanks. I feel satisfied having some ideas. I think these will work. Thanks again. Shall I take a leave ?
text:sure! Have a wonderful sleep ahead.	labels:Bye. ! ! !
text:Bye! You may submit the test now.	labels:I will try and find. BYE . . .	episode_done:True
text:hey.\nHello, my name is Amber, how are you doing?	labels:I could be better.
text:What's been happening?	labels:I just had a baby 2 months ago and I have been struggling with my physical appearance and dealing with my mental health.
text:Is part of that the weight gain from pregnancy?   And what sort of mental health challenges are you having?   Both of these problems are very common for new mothers. I'm sorry to hear you are going through this, it sounds like a very tough time for you.	labels:I didnt keep much weight from the pregnancy but its the loose skin that makes it very challenging to accept and to love my self..
text:Oh that is understandable.   I am a mother, and remember worrying about the same thing.	labels:My depression has gotten worse since having my son. I feel a constant feeling that i'm not a good mother. I feel worthless and having a constant feeling that I don't deserve my son.
text:I can tell you from personal experience that loose skin, stretch marks, and loosening of "other parts" do all self correct with time.  You will feel better about your body again when they do.	labels:How did you cope with post partum?
text:I was fortunate not to experience depresion.  But I totally went through self doubt, wondering if I was being a good enough mother, and feeling "not up to" the task....it's the hardest job in the world, being a mom, and so exhausting the first while. Have you spoken to your doctor about how depressed you are feeling?	labels:Yes. I mentioned it to them at my 6 week pp check up. I was prescribed to a med to help but I dont think its fully in its works yet.
text:Antidepressants can take a couple of weeks to kick in, I am on them too;  I hope you will find them helpful.   It's hard waiting for them to work! Do you have someone helping you with the baby or are you a single mom? The best advice I can share from my experience as a new mom was find someone to give you breaks.   Whether that be a partner, a friend, a family member, or even a baby sitter if that's possible.   Its important to take time to rest and recharge an nurture yourself, whether that be a nap, a bubble bath, a walk or whatever has made you feel good in the past.	labels:Thank you, I hope so too. Yes I have my husband helping me. I am a stay at home mom while he goes to work. Im lucky that I am able to stay home with our son but at the same time its hard because because theres a less opportunity to have a break and on top of that he works 12 hour shifts so I rarley get to spend time with my husband. I took my first break 2 days ago with my husband. We went on a day road trip and it felt really good to have that day to have together away from the baby but at the same time it was hard leaving our baby.
text:Oh that's a long shift...I'm glad you have someone at home to help when he can.   It may seem impossible but you are stronger than you think...you've got this. hey that's great that you had a road trip!   And yes it's hard to trust someone else with our wee ones...but so necessary both for you and for your marriage too.	labels:Thank you, I really appreciate it. Its nice to be able to talk about it.
text:I have one other suggestion before I go, have you any mother and baby groups in your area?   Something you may want to research.   It's been a pleasure speaking with you, you are so welcome.   Know that as hard as it is, these feelings can be a normal experience for a new mother, and you will get through it.	labels:Ill definitely have to look into it, thank you! I hope you have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:hello. i am so worried about my daughter.\nHello. I am so sorry to hear.	labels:she has addictions and is living a very dangerous life. which makes me sad and anxious and angry all at once.
text:That is nerve wrecking. Did you try to comfort her and tell her that you are there to help her out.	labels:yes, often. but she won't go for help, so i have had to be exceedingly patient.
text:I love your patience level and would like to keep it going. Patience is the key and she will understand eventually. She will be ready to take help..	labels:i will but it's such a heavy burden to carry.  i try not to think about it much, but I carry it, you know?   I Hope you are right about her wanting help eventually. in the meantime I don't know how to be so sad about this, maybe there is no way.
text:I understand your heavy burden however some kids face these problems and we as parents guide them so that they come out with flying colors.	labels:indeed.  and i have been holding up my end of the bargain.   but it's so worrisome. it sounds like you are encouraging me to have hope against all odds?
text:You are a warrior and you need to fight off the worrisome and motivate yourself to help you kiddo.	labels:CAn't help someone who doesn't want help though, but I do try to be there for her as best i can.   She calls me up with terrible stories and I listen even though it pains me, because she needs someone to listen. Addiction is an affliction I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy now that I have seen her living it.
text:Wow that is a good sign atleast she is coming to you to vent out. That is were you need to punch in an opportunity to seek help from a professional and convince her in such a way she will come down and accept it.	labels:I have encouraged her to set up appointments with professionals.   Sometimes she has, but does not follow through, the addiction gets in the way, it's more powerful than her desire to stop.   And I can't just drive her/ accompany her to an appointment because she lives in a different city. But yes, I am happy she trusts me enough to confide in me.
text:You have such a good heart so hang in there she will come to you with a bang.	labels:i really appreciate your encouragement. i have been feeling worn down by it and your encouragement helps. have you any other suggestions for me?
text:Is there any way you could move to her city for a while and help her out. If so she will not skip any appointment and it will help her way.	labels:unfortunately i cannot afford to move. the rents are too high in her city.
text:That is understandable. Is there any option she can move in with you so you offer help.	labels:hell no.   she lies and steals because of her addction there is no way i could live with her, but thank you for the suggestion.
text:Sorry to hear that I thought close contact will make her vigil and makes her more responsible.	labels:I'll tell you though....this was the issue I chose....but it's a past issue....she is now 3 months clean and doing well :) i am so relieved and happy for her. just wanted to end up with some good news for you :)
text:Oh very nice to hear and super proud of her. I would like to thank you as well.	labels:Thank you so much for your help today! All the best.
text:You were directly and indirectly helping her.	labels:yes...was a tough slog lol. Thank you again :) bye.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning.\nHello, good morning!   How are you today?	labels:Not too bad just wanted to talk with you about my alcohol addiction if you don't mind.
text:I would be happy to listen and help if I can :) When did you notice you had a problem with alcohol?	labels:The thing is I am drinking beer almost every day since I started to work from home. And with weather so nice in upcoming weeks I can't see myself stop drinking.
text:How many beer a day do you typically drink?	labels:At least 4 pints. A lot of money goes on drinks as well.
text:I see.   So if I understand correctly, you are concerned because you are drinking more than you used to, more frequently, and you are afraid you cannot stop?  And it's affecting you financially?	labels:Yes, that's right. And I know I should stop but I just got addicted.
text:It's really great that you have the insight to see that it may be a problem...that awareness is the most important first step!	labels:Thank you for understanding.
text:I haven't experienced addictions but I have been supporting my daughter with her addiction for many years, and I have seen how challenging it's been for her. She has found AA very helpful, and gets a lot of support from her peers there.  Have you tried going to an AA meeting?	labels:I think I am not quite confident in going somewhere in person. I don't want other people to see my addiction problem.
text:The thing about AA is everyone in the room will be understanding and nonjudgemental and supportive.   And you can learn from them what has worked for them.   And it's okay to sit quietly and just listen, you are not forced to participate actively. And...it's anonymous!   They have a code, outside meetings nobody is to disclose that you were there.	labels:To be fair I am scared also to go such places. If somebody from work will see me I would get in real trouble as I am working from home and drinking.
text:I can understand that being scary, keeping your job is essential. Whereabouts are you? (I'm in CAnada)	labels:I am in UK. Maybe you know some online courses you are aware of?
text:Oh!!  I just remembered.   My daughter goes to meetings virtually because of the pandemic.  I am pretty sure there would also be virtual AA meetings in the UK, via Zoom.	labels:Oh that's great I will try then. Do you know if there are any fees?
text:Hmm I am afraid I don't, have you tried a google search?  That's a great idea, to find an online program of some sort, if AA does not appeal to you.  And no, there are no fees, AA is completely free. And, you can get a sponsor, do you know about that?	labels:What do you mean by a sponsor?
text:My daughter has a sponsor, it's an important part of AA (and optional).   Her sponsor has been clean for over 20 years.   She is there to support my daughter, and help her work her way through learning the 12 steps.   Beacuse she's been through it, her sponsor is very understanding and supportive.	labels:Alright, Don't know if I need one yet. Will see eventually how it goes in AA.
text:I wish you all the best in your journey.   You are doing all the right things in both recognizing that you have a problem, and seeking information on ways to deal with it.  I admire your insight.	labels:Thank you very much for you help. Now I know what I have to do. All the best to you.
text:You are welcome, it was a pleasure speaking with you.   All the best!  You can do it :)	labels:Thank you, bye :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, my name is Carolyn.  How are you feeling today?	labels:Hello, my name is Nicholas. I am feeling a bit tired today, how are you Carolyn?
text:I'm a bit tired too to be honest!   Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?  I'm ready to listen :)	labels:I have been tired a lot lately, even when I sleep for 8 hours. I am not sure what to really do to help myself gain more energy and recover my sleeping schedule to normal.
text:I see.  Are you finding it hard to function on not enough sleep?  I have experienced that at times as well, and found it quite frustrating! How much sleep are you getting now?   Do you keep irregular sleep hours, e.g. the time you go to bed and get up?	labels:Yes, I had a bad sleeping schedule, when I would go to sleep around 2-3am. I now get around 8 hours of sleep but I feel like it isn't enough still. Would this relate to a health problem of not being active or maybe stress?
text:I used to be a night owl, going to bed early in the morning.  I reset my schedule very gradually.  I went to bed 15 minutes earlier, and set an alarm for 8 hours later.  I did that for 3 days, then I would ratchet it back another 15 minutes.   It was a gradual process and the only way I could fix it. Are you getting any exercise during the daytime?	labels:I see, I should set more alarms for myself. I have not put the time to exorcise as I would like to. I was planning on ordering a pair of weighted jump ropes for myself.
text:Even a walk may help you sleep...I know it does for me,   Jump ropes are a great idea!   I was advised it's better to exercise earlier in the day, not too close to bedtime or it can affect sleep. Do you have trouble getting to sleep or waking up in the night?   Or is it more a case of just not feeling rested after your sleep?	labels:I mostly work and go to school during the day so there really isn't too much time unless I decide to exorcise early in the morning. By the end of the day, I already feel exhausted from work and most of my motivation to exorcise is gone. I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night.
text:I see.   Sleep problems are very common you certainly aren't alone in this.  With some changes I am confidant you can improve your sleep.	labels:Do you have any suggestions other than exorcising to help with sleeping? Anything would be taken into consideration if possible.
text:I listen to a really good podcast called Tracks to Relax.  It's guided meditation that helps me deeply relax before I sleep. sometimes I use it in the middle of the night too, if I can't fall back asleep! Have you tried meditation before bed?	labels:Oh wow, I never really thought listening to relaxing music to help go back to sleep. I will try that out tonight! I have never done meditation before bed, mostly during the day.
text:Is your room dark?  Light blocking curtains can help.	labels:Its decently covered and at night it is pretty dark.
text:And a small snack of carbs, like a peice of toast or some cereal, before bed can help too.   As you can see I have tried many things myself as I too have had sleep issues.	labels:I will try that out as well if listening to relaxing sounds doesn't help. Thank you very much for responding to my questions and needs!
text:I certainly know how feeling tired can impact one's life, I have found it frustrating when I have a lot to do and just don't have the energy. You are very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you :)	labels:Likewise, Thank you again! I hope you have a wonderful day/evening!
text:Take care Nicholas!  You as well.	labels:You too as well Carolyn!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you?	labels:I am good.
text:Thats great! How are you feeling?	labels:Now i am better.
text:I know that things have been hard during this pandemic for a lot of people.	labels:Expect to have lot of mixed feelings.
text:Mixed feelings have you been having? It's completely normal and understandable to have them.. Sometimes when you are having mixed feelings, you can try writing them down on a piece of paper. This can help you identify how you are feeling.	labels:i have very mixed feelings about the whole issues .My mixed feeling stem from the fact that those are not reflected anywhere. I have no minded with writing things.
text:I could understand how difficult that must be for you. You could try taking a walk outside and getting some fresh air. Fresh air can always help to clear your mind..	labels:please help another way to reduce my depression..
text:Does doing art work help you to feel better usually? You can try to immerse yourself in something you really enjoy doing. Sometimes if you smile while doing things, it can help you to feel better..	labels:yeah sure i will try to reduce my depression with your wonderful ideas . thank you so much.
text:You're so welcome. I really hope you get back to feeling better soon, Stay safe and have a great rest of your week. Come back if you need any support.	labels:Thank you. your great supporter. Nice to meet you.
text:Thank you so much. I am genuinely happy to help. It was nice to meet you as well..	labels:have a great day bye.	episode_done:True
text:please am not able to get sleep like 6 months now please help me.\nAre u overthinker?	labels:i think sometimes i am thinking  too much will that be the problem since i also avoid to think when am on my bed.
text:I can feel your feelings .. Get yourself tired for something like workouts, House cleaning and traveling . These things made you tired to sleep.	labels:in fact i do get tired like yesterday i did a lot of work going to bed i just slept like 1 hour only.
text:Do you have any past ?	labels:like?
text:Like lover or favorite person?	labels:yes i do.
text:OK let try to stop thinking about the person by making interest and spent times with dog or other pets.	labels:thanks but the problem is that the person  stays next t me and we work together i do see the person like everyday.
text:Ohh.. Did you ever tried to talk with them?	labels:yes  i did but am unable to forget one.
text:Let try to ask them to be friends . say them just forget our old life be friends or feel your self meet me for the first time. or try sleeping piles to sleep .	labels:okay thank you so much. also is there anything i can do to sleep more.
text:You are always welcome.	labels:what else can i do.
text:Wait.	labels:okay.
text:Try to sleep with friends or made a new person to forget your past.	labels:like opposite sex or.
text:Like opposite sex.	labels:okay thanks am going to try since am suffering a lot.
text:sure you will get best result.	labels:can we really get into a relationship for me to sleep with or what do you see because i  lost interest .
text:make interest.	labels:okay thanks a lot am gonna try. i appreciate  your concern.
text:thankyou bye.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hope you are doing well today?	labels:Hi, I'm actually pretty stressed about an upcoming deadline.
text:You have some work related deadlines and you are worried about that. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:That's exactly right. It's a deadline for a journal that I recently submitted a paper to.
text:That must be really hard, but I know you will finish it on time.	labels:I know, I always get worked up about deadlines even though I rarely miss them. This one is a bit more important than usual, however. I am just so stressed!
text:It seems it must be very challenging for you..	labels:Exactly! This is a big step for me in the PhD program I'm in, so it's definitely a bit more pressure than previous deadlines.
text:In such situation, I make the strategy by distributing the time and work load equally. That's how I stay energetic and motivated...	labels:That's a good idea. Do you mean just do a little bit each day?
text:Take a rough estimate like how much can be done in a day. It will reduce your work load.	labels:Well I have 30 more revisions to address and 15 more days to complete it. So, maybe I can make a goal of 2-3 revisions each day?
text:Apparently when we start working on such project, things start coming at right place itself. .	labels:Thank you, you have helped me make a trajectory for how to accomplish this. Although, I am still very anxious about the difficulty.
text:Don't think too much about the remaining, just focus on what you are doing presently.	labels:Good idea, the present moment is better to focus on. Any recommendations on relaxation techniques?
text:Try to take shot break or do deep breathing in middle. It will help you in staying energetic and focused.	labels:Yeah, like little incentives throughout. I think I will definitely incorporate deep breathing. Let me try now and I'll let you know how I feel.
text:Sure! :)	labels:Wow, I just did the breathing technique and I do feel more relaxed. Thanks for the advice!
text:That's Great! Best wishes for you.	labels:Thank you, best to you as well.	episode_done:True
text:Dark situation. I can do better. What do you think? Perhaps it’s all in my head.. Or maybe I’m expected to feel a certain way.. I can try to ignore it.. Sometimes that is hard.. I will look to positive experiences. That way once the darkness takes off.. I will be free again.. What do you think? Perhaps I’m alone in this support chat. That’s okay. I will get better.. For all our sakes. But mostly my own..\nNo, don't say that. There are people that are listening.	labels:Listening is good.. Being heard..
text:Are there problems you would like to talk about?	labels:No echos in the dark.. I think I don’t belong..
text:Why don't you feel like you belong? We're all human :). Have you been having these feelings for a long time?	labels:Just a while.. Sometimes feels like I work so hard. To the point of exhaustion. And yet never get anywhere..
text:That's okay for you to have those feelings. The fact that you reached out shows you are getting somewhere.	labels:Not sure. Hard to be sure. Certainty is in short supply..
text:It seems you would like to make progress with your problems. Would you like to discuss them more?	labels:Yeah progress is all one can hope for. A little every day. Win an inch to win a mile. But having the stamina to keep at it seems difficult.. Like taking so much risk just for a big win ya know. And that win is still a long way out of sight. But I keep trying because I know if I don’t it won’t go away..	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you today?	labels:Hi. Quite frustrated with my tween daughter!
text:Ah that can be a very difficult age. Is it anything specific or just general?	labels:She doesn't listen to anything I say. She loves to play on the computer and tablet and her phone but when it comes to something simple, like turning off the light when she's done in the bathroom or throwing away a candy wrapper, she won't do it.
text:Well ... to be honest it doesn't sound very terrible. Most children that age do things like that ;).	labels:She doesn't seem to think that it's wrong to thrown her dirty socks in the living room instead of the laundry. I guess so.
text:Well, it is a bit anti social but there are a lot of worse things she could be doing :) I was pretty slobby at that age too.	labels:I'm 53 so going through menopuase while she is going through puberty. True. I just wish she would take some pride in her things and herself.
text:Ah that's a bad combination. I hear you on the menopause thing. Do you think maybe it is making you more touchy? It is me!.	labels:She hasn't showered in a week and hates to brush her hair.
text:Have you thought of offering rewards if she smartens up a bit?	labels:Sure, that's probably true.
text:I think that once she hits puberty she will probably change her feelings about showering etc a lot :).. Teenagers tend to get very very involved in their appearance :D I used to spend an hour in the shower each day.	labels:Unfortunately I have spoiled her rotten so that she has most everything she could want (well, not an I-phone and nintendo switch! lol)
text:Perhaps you could gently explain to her why it's anti social to not shower for a week?.	labels:I think she is getting very close to the age where she will pay attention to herself and general appearance, but she's not there yet.
text:Ah you have all the fun of her teenage years to look forward to. I would not go through that again :D.	labels:I have, lol. She is getting much better about putting clean underwear on everyday at least.
text:Well that is definitely something!!. Maybe try to help her take pride in her appearance? Give her some make up lessons?	labels:She also loves to go through my personal things. Takes my nail clippers. Tries on my blush and lipstick. Looks through my drawers.
text:I think that's pretty normal for a tweenage girl :) She's probably starting to be interested in make up and things.	labels:I don't wear makeup, except for rare days where I put on a little blush and lipstick.
text:I don't either to be honest but a lot of young girls are interested in it.	labels:She does do makeup and stuff at her friend's house.
text:Are her friends a good influence on her/	labels:True. She hates to brush her own hair but could sit for for an hour while I brush her hair! lol. Yes, for the most part.
text:Maybe you could treat her to a new haircut, give her a new pride in herself?.	labels:With the pandemic, we have not been out too much. I gave her a much needed haircut about a month ago. Trimmed off about six inches, but it's still way past her shoulders. We will hopefully go for a professional cut soon. I need one too! That is a very good idea.
text:Oh of course I had forgotten about the pandemic. It seems ages since we had normal life!.	labels:Agreed! We went to a sit down restaurant last week for the first time in a year!
text:Well I hope I have been able to be of help and it has been nice to talk to you!	labels:Yes, thank you. It has been helpful. I sometimes feel like I am the only one having trouble with their kids.
text:Heh I promise you are not :).	labels:Thanks! :)
text:Thanks for talking! (can you press quit first, I can't do it from my end :)).	labels:Sure, will do.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?.	labels:I am feeling a bit sad and down.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Do you want to tell me about it?	labels:I hate the way I look. Everytime I look in the mirror I cry.
text:I see. Can you be more specific? A lot of people are insecure about their looks you know..	labels:When I look in the mirror, I think Im the ugliest person in the world sometimes.
text:How old are you if you don't mind my asking? This is a common thing among young people..	labels:I am 32.
text:I see. Well can you tell me what specific part of  your appearance do you hate? Maybe it could be altered?	labels:I hate everything when I see my reflection. I just feel fat and ugly.
text:Well, I have been overweight and I know it sucks. Perhaps you could join a weight loss group?	labels:I have been working out and eating better. Even though I am losing weight, I still feel horrible.
text:Well you should be proud of the progress! Maybe buy yourself some new clothes?	labels:That is a good idea, maybe that will help.
text:Or have a new haircut or something :).	labels:I like that idea too, I will give it a try.
text:Is it just your weight that bothers you about your appearance?.	labels:No, I just dont like looking at myself in the mirror. I just feel ugly and gross.
text:I have a feeling that other people do not feel that way about you :).	labels:That is kind of you to say, thank you. You have helped me quite a bit today, I appreciate it.
text:I think a lot of people do see themselves in a much worse light as others see them :) It's a human thing..	labels:Very true, thank you for the perspective.
text:So, what sort of clothes do you think you are going to buy? :).	labels:Possibly a new dress or two.
text:Sounds like a great idea. I bought a fantastic maxi dress recently. Very flattering for those of us carrying an extra pound or two.	labels:I love flowy dresses for that reason. do you do anything else when you are feeling bad about yourself?
text:I like a nice facemask and a bubble bath, do you?	labels:I like doing my makeup and getting dressed up, even if I have nowhere to go.
text:That is a good thing to do .. great for the self esteem. Maybe buy some new jewellery too?.	labels:I like the idea of pampering myself. That is something I don't do too often. and I need to do it more. Perhaps I will feel better then.
text:You need to indulge yourself from time to time :) Get yourself a nice bottle of wine too. Though maybe not chocolate :D.	labels:Haha, yes, perhaps not those :)
text:Anyway I hope you are feeling a little better now ! Thank you for talking!.	labels:Thank you, you too!	episode_done:True
text:hi,I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.\njust stay calm.	labels:yes but they not listen to me.
text:told him to do politely.	labels:yes but I'm angary on them because they not study.
text:you teach them that what they want to study.	labels:yes but they are busy on their phones all the time.
text:just borrow his mobile phones from them.	labels:They say we can do studies if you let us to play game.
text:just strictly told them to do study 1st and got a good mark then only you will give them their phones.	labels:yes i will try this thanks to giving me support.
text:yeah sure.thanks too.	labels:They are saying to me that study is boring and playing games is fun.
text:then told them to study or else you will broke that mobile.	labels:yes but those are very expensive.
text:isn't that expensive when compared to your child goodness.	labels:yes you are right my kids study is more important then this.
text:yeah then do this automatically your kids will start to study.	labels:Thinks for giving me support.
text:sure i am always ready you to give my support.	labels:Thanks, buy.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHey! How are you?	labels:I am hanging in there, how are you doing?
text:Im doing good :) How you doing hanging in there?	labels:Well, I have been dealing with insomnia, and that is pretty much ruining my day lately.
text:Im sorry to hear that. Have you tried to help it or see a doctor?	labels:Yes, I have. I tried some natural things at first, but it did not work. Then I went to the doctor, and guess what? He said I am having insomnia due to anxiety.
text:Do you feel anxious though? maybe the doctor is right and maybe loosing stress is the answer :)	labels:I think so, I am worried about my future with the pandemic, I guess we all are. I am from Brazil and lots of people are dying there. I have lost 2 relatives to COVID in Brazil and also lost 4 friends there.
text:Yeah the pandemic hit badly there. I am sorry for your loss. Perhaps you just dont want to follow in the same pathway which is why you are stressed.	labels:exactly. I am also very stressed because I have too much on my plate with school, working full time, kids at home distance learning.
text:Yh thats seems like quite a lot and I know how you feel because of when I was a student. If i made it through you can too!  try your best.	labels:Thank you. The doctor prescribed an antidepressant that should help with anxiety and a sleeping pill, but I dont want to take it.
text:If you dont take it you might never feel better. I would advice you to take it and see how you feel after.	labels:I am worried about getting addicted to it or something. Have you ever tried these type of meds/
text:Yeah i have taken antidepressant when I had my son as I always needed to provide, and I can say it did help me get better.	labels:Thats good to know! Maybe I should try it. especially since I have no help here in the United States. Thank you for your help. I have to leave to pick up my son at daycare.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How are you doing?	labels:I am anxious.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What is the cause of your anxiety?	labels:My friends and my family place a lot of value on how one looks. Every time I meet with them they have a comment on how I should improve on something. It makes me stressed out because I feel like I am not good enough..
text:I am sorry you are having to deal with this. Are you concerned about your own looks because you constantly hear this feedback from those close to you?	labels:Yes. I feel that I am not thin enough, pretty enough, that my clothes are not nice enough etc.
text:I myself have gone through similar feelings when I was a teenager. I had body image issues for the longest time and my way of resolving it was through proper diet and exercise. Are you happy with how you look personally irrespective of what others opinions are?	labels:It is hard to feel ok when I keep hearing that I am missing something. I don't even think I need to lose weight. It is just that my friends think model thin is what beauty is. I would have to starve myself to achieve that.
text:If you are comfortable with your weight then why are you so concerned with what everyone around you says or thinks?	labels:Because they are the people I spend time with. I want to be accepted and I want them to like me.
text:It sounds like you care more about what others think of you than how you feel about yourself..	labels:I wish I could not care about what they think but I do. I don't know how to not let their opinions not bother me.
text:Have you ever tried affirmations or heard of this before?	labels:No. What is that?
text:Affirmations are positive statements you think about yourself. What I like to do when I'm feeling really anxious is say three positive things/attributes I feel about myself over and over again until my anxiety dissipates. Do you think that could help you feel more positively about what those closest to you are saying so much with regards to looks?	labels:I could try. Do I need to say positive things about my looks or can they be about other stuff?
text:Since you are stating that you are concerned about how you look, you should just find a few positive statements with regards to your looks you think about yourself and repeat them. So if you don't think you need to lose weight, you can say something like, "I like my weight." or "I don't need to lose weight." If you think you are beautiful or pretty, you can say "I am beautiful." My three affirmations I use for myself are: I am beautiful, smart, and funny. I say this over and over again until my anxiety has left me.	labels:That sounds easy enough. I will definitely try it. It will take my mind off of worrying about what they are thinking..
text:I highly recommend it! Is there anything else bothering you that I can help with?	labels:No you gave me a great suggestion to work with. Thank you so much for your help!
text:No problem! Glad I could help. I hope you have a wonderful day and take care!.	labels:You too. Bye now.	episode_done:True
text:hi. anyone there?\nyes, hello how are you today?	labels:hi, I am okay, but am very frustrated at how often i procrastinate stuff i need to or want to do. it's hard to even get started sometimes, i think it's pandemic frustrations.
text:I understand how you feel, I also procrastinate...I have found if it takes less than 2 minutes to do it, I go ahead and do it, it takes some of the stress off.	labels:hmm so you prioritize the quick tasks?
text:this pandemic most definitely has caused frustrations for everyone. yes, it makes the list of things to do a little shorter and not as overwhelming.	labels:i think when I can GO places to do things with other people it will be easier to be motivated/active. i have tried breaking jobs down into smaller tasks that does help, you're right on that. but it breaks my heart that i have not touched my art and sewing!   i had all this "extra" time over this past year, and couldn't crack into it. have you any other ideas?
text:of course! i got into puzzles...and games with my little one helped pass the time. also, taking walks gets you that breath of fresh air that is sometimes needed.	labels:i live alone, but have played some online games with my sis.   Walks are good but I can't walk with my friends (we are on a stay at home order presently) and I find it hard to motivate myself when it's just me. but i agree walks are really helpful, when i get out i really enjoy them.   Okay that gives me some good things to try out, thank you for your help today.
text:i understand that. .	labels:where are you located?
text:anytime, hope you stay well. united states- louisiana.	labels:Im in ONtario CAnada....thank you, you too! bye for now.
text:bye!	labels:oh one other thing...I have made SOME progress on the cleaning...so I need to remind myself that I did good lol.	episode_done:True
text:Hello my name is Lisa, is there something you'd like to talk about today?	labels:Has anyone had more luck since the stimulus check era?. I am making slow gains on my art gear project.
text:hmm I don't know....I didn't get one.   I gather you are in the US? CAn you tell me more about your art gear project? It sounds like you are frustrated that the stiimulus check program has not helped you get your art project off the ground, am I right? Are you still with me?	labels:I have an Canon MkII camera to which of coarse I am searching for an small lense. The time it takes to purchase is gonig to be dependant on an budget.
text:I see.   Have you looked into bartering?   Someone who has such a lense may be willing to barter it for something you have, or some service you could offer them. Locally here we have some bartering groups on facebook, maybe there is something similar in your area? The other thing you could try is crowdfunding, for example kickstarter, in which you offer some photograply (portrait if you do such?) in exchange for a donation from someone locally.	labels:Oh, yes that would help.
text:I remember a similar frustration when I needed tools I could not afford to make jewelry.   It held me up! Are there any second hand stores near you that might have used lenses? it sounds like it is holding you up from doing your photography, that must be frustrating.	labels:Oh yes I ebay all the time.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nHello. How are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling pretty down about my appearance.
text:I get that way too. Is there any particular cause or aspect you are focussed on?	labels:It is mainly my weight i just can't seem to loose any and it is making me quite sad.
text:Gosh I am very sorry to hear that you are struggling to loose weight and it is making you sad. May I ask what you are doing to attempt to loose the weight? I hear cardio is very good for that.	labels:Well i do use my bike. But i really struggle with motivation and i know i snack too much. But i have just been too busy to spend any real time facing the problem, you know?
text:I totally understand. I was the same way over worked and under motivated. I found that mixing in low impact weight work outs was really effective as well as each morning setting out healthy snacks that way i don't have to think about getting something it is already there.	labels:Oh that is a good idea what do you suggest?
text:Honestly my top favorite are chocolate covered almonds and sugar snap peas. have you tried lowering your carb and increasing your protein intake?	labels:No i hadn't thought about that don't you have to only drink protein if your work out..
text:Typically yes but having a low protein shake, ie one scoop not too, everyday is a great way to supplement your caloric intake with protein. You will find yourself less hungry and have more energy through the day..	labels:That actually makes a lot of sense. What about motivation i really need help with that i find when i am less motivated i am deffinitely more depressed.
text:Lots of people also struggle with depressive episodes and low motivation. Don't worry you are not alone. It is important to try and think is it depression related low motivation or vice versa.	labels:thats true how can you tell. it is really hard for me right now.
text:That's ok. Don't worry everything will be ok. Remember little steps forward are better and easier to achieve. even if it seems really bad right now just know it will always get better..	labels:Thats true.
text:Just by talking to you I can tell you are down, but you also seem a lot more receptive and motivated that i think you realize. I am sure you can make the changes and succeed.	labels:Thank you so much. Sometimes it just takes someone believing in you.
text:Of course everyone needs support now and again and it has been a real pleasure talking to you.	labels:Thanks, you too I have a lot to think about. But talking it out really helped. Have a nice day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:Hello. Hanging in there, how are you? I need some help.
text:I'm doing okay. What's the issue?	labels:I have been having too much anxiety after the pandemic started. I have too much on my plate..
text:I'm sorry about that. I know that the pandemic has taken a toll on a lot of people. What struggles are you having?	labels:with that said, I have been angry at my kids. I work full time, have to take care of the things at home, cook, clean, etc, and sometimes deal with my 6 year old when he is distance learning. he needs help with the online assignments since he is so young.
text:It seems like you really do have a lot on your plate. Do you have any other family members who can help with your duties? Older children, a spouse or parents nearby?	labels:only my spouse, I don't have family in the United States. I am from Brazil. my family is there. My husband also has a lot on his plate, he is working from home and helping with what he can.
text:Do you think that you could ask him to help out more around the house? Since he works from home, it would be easier for him to help out if your job is outside of your home. Is there any way that you could hire help, like a tutor for your child?	labels:well, I used to have someone come clean my house, but since the pandemic started, I dont feel safe about bringing other people to my house. my husband is also very stressed out. I went to the doctor and he thinks I should try some medication since I have no help, but I am scared. it's an antidepressant and a sleeping pill since I am having insomnia as well.
text:I'm sorry about that. It seems like a difficult situation to be in. Do you think that the medication could help ease some of your stressors?	labels:Maybe, I am afraid of trying int but I may not have another option.
text:I think that you should try it out, at least for a little while, to see how it affects you. I used to be depressed too, but when I was put on medication, it seemed to make my life a lot easier. I had a lot more energy and was a lot happier.	labels:Thank you, good to know. I will fill my prescription. I cant live like this anymore. Thank you for your input..
text:You're very welcome! I'm glad I could help! Are there any other problems you're facing?	labels:No, that is it. I guess parents of young children are having a lot of stress with the pandemic and I am one of them unfortunatelly. Did you get addicted to the medication. Did you get addicted to the medication? I worry about getting addicted.
text:No, I didn't. I don't think that antidepressants are addictive, but you could ask your doctor if you have any concerns.	labels:Ok, great, I will call him now and check then. But thank you for your help !	episode_done:True
text:Hi!\nHello. How are you feeling today?	labels:Well, I'm a little tired and anxious but I got use to it. And you?
text:I'm doing well, thanks for asking. Do you know what's might be causing these feelings of anxiety and fatigue?	labels:Well, its very difficult to sleep because of the nightmares. Every time I sleep I have the same dream. I recall the event in my sleep and its just horrible.
text:That must be very distressing to have the same nightmare every night. Do you have a nighttime routine to help you get to rest in a more relaxed state?	labels:Yes, I read some magazines and some blogs on internet about some routines but they just don't help.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you haven't had success with routines. I have suffered with sleeplessness due to bad dreams as well. I find doing yoga with meditative breathing allows me to clear my mind, and sleep better. Do you practice any meditation?	labels:I have never tried because I'm too anxious to stay still for longer periods of time. I mean I have tried but its not easy.
text:Having high anxiety makes it very hard to concentrate on meditation. I take a medication for anxiety that has helped me a lot. Have you talked to your doctor about your anxiety?	labels:Yeah, they gave me pills for that but it didn't help me. I know its hard to help me, I just feel better by talking to someone.
text:I'm really sorry you weren't able to get relief with medication. I understand that having someone to talk to can be a relief when you feel so anxious. Do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to more often?	labels:Yeah I actually have my best friends and every time i feel horrible I talked to them. But sometimes its just difficult cause bringing the same issue over and over can be exhausting for them.
text:I'm sure your friend is glad to be able to lend a listening ear. Sometimes we need to hash out our problems more than once to resolve them.. Do you like to exercise? It can be a great way to relieve anxiety and exhaust your body so you sleep better.	labels:Actually, yes. I do a lot of exercise and that actually helps me sleep a little.
text:I'm so glad to hear you have some outlet for your anxiety that helps with your sleep. Keeping your body healthy can be a great start to getting your mind in a more calm space. If you don't mind me asking, do you work a lot of hours outside your home?	labels:No, I'm a student and with the pandemic and all that it's virtual but that keeps me busy.
text:I see. Being at home alone most of the time, even when you have virtual meetings, may be contributing to your anxiety. Maybe you could meet up with friends in person at a park or other outdoor location. Is that possible?	labels:Yeah, don't worry. I go out with my friends regularly.
text:That's great! I'm glad you are getting plenty of socialization during this difficult time..	labels:Thanks :D.
text:Do you like music? It can be a great way to wind down instead of looking at screens before bedtime.	labels:I love music, it helps me disconnect from the world. You know, you help me a lot to release some stress, thank you.
text:Wonderful! I'm so glad our conversation has helped you feel better. It's always nice to be able to get out what's on your mind in a trusting environment. Please feel free to request a chat anytime you need it.	labels:I will, thank you so much.
text:You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful day!	labels:Same for you!!! and thanks again.
text:No problem. I believe you can manage your anxiety, and if you have trouble there is always help available.	labels:Thank you, i will keep working on that, cause i know i can overcome this.	episode_done:True
text:Hi..how are you doing today..\nHi..Iam doing good..How are you today.	labels:Iam facing post partum depression as I recently had a baby..
text:Oh I can relate to that because I also had a baby a year ago and I can understand what you are going through..	labels:How did you manage to deal with that..
text:Do you have anyone to help you with the baby so that you can have some time to relax for yourselves.	labels:No my husband works in different city and my parents live in a different country..I dont have anyone with me to take care of the baby..
text:Oh that will be difficult for you..Can you afford a nanny..	labels:Yeah I can afford but iam skeptical because of the pandemic..
text:Dont worry,just love your baby,when the baby sleeps,try to have some rest and practice yoga and meditation when you have time ,they helped me a lot whn Iam dealing with the depression..	labels:Oh Thank you for the suggestion..I will follow that..
text:Also you can connect on online forums and find help by chatting with other moms who are fcing the same issues..	labels:Oh that is a great idea..I will certainly look in to it and will consider it..
text:Iam glad you like them..I hope you will be better soon and Iam positive about that..love your baby..	labels:Thank you so much for the help .I really appreciate it .
text:No problem..happy to help..Is there any thing else you need help with?	labels:Nothing..thank you..bye..
text:ok bye.	labels:This service is extremely helpful..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, my name is Sharon, how are you today?	labels:Hello. I am sad because my job is not rewarding. It is a dead-end job and I feel shameful anymore. I don't like talking about my job with anyone since it is so pointless. Hi Sharon. I'm Larry.
text:Hi Larry.  What sort of job do you do?	labels:I am a maintenance supervisor in a manufacturing facility.
text:I have had jobs that seemed pointless as well.   I was a sales assistant in a store constantly waiting for customers, it was boring!  Just a paycheque with no fulfillment.  I found it depressing as well. So it sounds like you are finding no point to going in to work, and it's making you feel sad, am I correct?	labels:Yes that is a very good summary of what is going on. And I am glad to see you can relate. While I am lucky to not work in sales since I know those jobs are extremely tough but the lack of reward is all the same.
text:Are there other jobs available in your area that you could apply for that are more up your alley?	labels:I have not seen anything worth jumping ship for. I am afraid of the old adage of the grass always looks greener from the other side of the fence. Meaning I leave this job and only find a worse job.
text:I see., yes that could be a risk for sure.have you spoken to your manager to see if there may be other opportunities in the manufacturing facility for you?   I bet they would rather retrain you for a different position than lose you.	labels:Unfortunately there are no other positions at the place I work. Yes my boss is very well aware of how unhappy I am. He is also unhappy and has been looking for jobs too. It isn't that great of a place to work at. I have had 3 different friends leave my place of employment, I've just been to lazy to leave too. It's a catch 22, too lazy to leave but due to feeling sad from being here I don't have the energy to try to leave.
text:Yes I can understand that.  Sadness and depresion can lead one to feel depleted and lacking motivation to make change. . I have been depressed and lacking motivation in the past, I remember how it felt.	labels:Yes, I see a psychologist and she does her best to help me but ultimately it is up to me to make the changes I need to in life.
text:Is there anything about your position that you could suggest improving to your boss, to make your job more interesting?   Maybe some ideas you may have for streamlining the work or somethings? I'm glad to hear you have someone to talk to about it.   Over time as you keep working on it I hope things will improve for you.	labels:I've spoke things over with my boss, he has tried a few things. Currently we are in a holding pattern due to some upper management changes and we are awaiting to see how the new manager would like to run things.
text:oh I see.  Do you have hobbies outside of work that you find fulfilling?	labels:I have been slacking on that too. Just don't find pleasure in anything anymore. Now that it is spring time though hopefully that changes..
text:Lets hope the new manager improves things for you, it sounds like there is a ray of hope there! Yes it's hard to get started on anything when we are down.  I remember writing lists with very small goals on them.  Small goals feel like mountains when we are down!   Then I would work my way through that very short list and check things off if I could do them, which gave me a small lift of accomplishment.	labels:I should start writing lists. I know that is a great tool for helping.
text:Lets hope the new manager can improve things.   And your work with the psychologist is very positive, it's great you reached out for help, that is a strength.   You've spoken with your boss.   You are doing all the right things.	labels:Thank you for the encouragement .
text:you're very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you Larry.	labels:Thank you for your help Sharon. Have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you doing today?	labels:Hi, I'm struggling today.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Anything in particular that is bothering you?	labels:I just feel worn out with everything I have to do.. I don't know what else I can d to help my daughter.
text:I understand that you are feeling worn out and don't know what else you can do to help your child. Is there something specific going on or is it just life in general?	labels:My daughter struggles with school work and memory. She learns differently and needs lots of support. I have contacted the school a number of times over the years but never really had any support or acknowledgement from them. I guess it's just an accumulation of things.
text:You have tried hard to help her and that is admirable. Don't beat yourself up and be proud of the things you have done for her..	labels:But what do I now. She's 17 and it's so difficult to give her the time and then  encourage her to tell me when she needs help and for her to be willing to accept it..
text:While I do not have kids, from what I have seen my friends and family do in this situation is try to find something that your daughter is interested in and attempt to build off of that. So instead of her learning to just learn, she is learning something that is relevant to her. Maybe that might spark something in her to come up with her way of learning since traditional methods aren't working..	labels:That is great advice. She does climb and hasn't been able to climb or see her friends with everything closed. I think as she will be able to again soon may be that will help her to relax and get back into it. She does learn through repetition but has lacked enthusiasm especially in the last few months.      .
text:Having her go climbing more sounds like a good plan. Hopefully things are opening up around you now that the vaccine is becoming more common. Repetition is tough. I know I used a lot of flash cards as a way of learning through high-school and college. It's an old method but it can work..	labels:She had heart  surgery as a baby so has actually had the vaccine herself as she's in the vulnerable category.  I think she ends up spending so long making aide memoires that she then leaves herself so little time to actually study. .
text:I can imagine after having heart surgery as a baby she wants to live life to it's fullest extent and prioritizes making memories over school. Does she ever talk about what her plans are for after high-school? At some point she will have to connect the dots of having to get a job to be able to go out and have fun, and unfortunately doing OK in school comes with that. That or a vocational school to learn a trade (what I personally did)..	labels:What did you do? Her interests are music and photography. Recently she has started a gardening club with the horticulture department at school. She does enjoy her social life well when she has been able to have it. She has had social ups and downs but apart from the epidemic she has been happier than in her earlier years at school. You are right she is becoming an adult and will find her place. At 17 I guess she doesn't have to decide just yet.. You have certainly made me feel a bit more positive..
text:Sorry for the delay. I am glad you are feeling more positive. I was into cars so I went to vocational school to become an auto mechanic. After a couple years of that I realized I wasn't cut out for physical labor and went to college. But the knowledge from working on cars helped me understand things better at college since I had real world applications I could use it on. Gardening and Horticulture is a great hobby! That definitely could cross over into some of her science classes to make things more interesting and relevant to her.	labels:Thank you so much for your time and kindness today. You helped me refocus and some of the things you said were just what I needed to hear.
text:Glad I was able to help. Sometimes just having someone to bounce things off of makes a big difference. You have a good heart and good intentions. I wish you and your daughter the best.	labels:Thank you.  Take care :-).	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you doing?	labels:I used to love my boyfriend, but now I can't stand him. Why has this happened and how to break up with him without hurting his feelings much?
text:What changed to bring you to the point you can't stand him?	labels:I just find him extremely annoying. How he walks, talks, breathes even... I should have walked away from him earlier. He is very respectful, committed, sweet and loving, but I just don't feel anything towards him anymore.
text:That sounds like a really difficult and uncomfortable situation to be in. How long have you been together?	labels:Yes, it is. We've been together for 3 years. And he wants to get married and have children. It makes me anxious. I'm not ready for those things.
text:It's good you know where you're at and what you do, and do not, want.	labels:How do I tell my boyfriend that I don't want to be him anymore???? How do I break up??? I don't want him to hate me.
text:When ending a relationship, we're not responsible for the other person's emotions. Whatever they feel, they feel, and we can't control that. You need to do what is best for you.	labels:How about me? Will I regret breaking up with him? I've became a better person since we've met.
text:You might try talking to him and seeing if he has any awareness of your unhappiness, of you discomfort with his pushing for marriage and children when you're not ready.	labels:I feel guilty to hurt his feelings and at the same time it pisses me off even more!
text:A good friend once told me that all normal, sane people feel guilt when ending a relationship when they're not happy. There is no pleasure in breaking someone's heart, especially when they haven't done anything really wrong.	labels:You're right. I should talk about it with him openly and tell him how I really feel.
text:It sounds like you're maybe not 100% certain you want to end things. That's where talking to him becomes important.	labels:Maybe I'm afraid of being alone. Maybe things could have been different if it weren't for COVID. Maybe we spend TOO much time together.
text:And, if you do have a talk with him and later it becomes clear the relationship still can't work, it won't hit him as such a surprise when you choose to end things. And, if you do have a talk with him and later it becomes clear the relationship still can't work, it won't hit him as such a surprise when you choose to end things. COVID has put a huge strain on a lot of relationships. People are stuck spending way more time together than they are used to, and there's really not much to do about it right now.	labels:Thank you so much for listening me out and for wise advice. I will talk to him, tonight.
text:I think that's a good decision. I hope the two of you are able to come to a better understanding of where things are with your relationship.	labels:Aw thank you! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi..how are you doing today.	labels:Hi..Iam doing good..how are you.
text:Iam good..thank you..Iam here to help you about the emotional support you need.Tell me what you want to talk about?	labels:Iam in final year of university and iam unable to complete the studies.
text:Oh I can relate to that,what is been stopping you from completing your work.	labels:Iam a mother of 2 year old son and he is giving me a hard time to finish my work..
text:Oh..Is it possible that your husband helps you in taking care of your toddler..	labels:My husband is having full time job and he has to travel an hour to get to work..
text:Oh I can understand that..is there any chance that you can ak your parents to help?	labels:My parents live in another country and they cannot come here to my place because they dont have a valid visa..
text:Oh.without a visa i dont think they can enter in to the country..I can see the pain you are going through..	labels:Is there any other option for me to consider?
text:I think if you can go for hiring a personal nanny..if you can afford it..What do you say?	labels:I am little low on budget and cannot afford a nanny for my kid..or i cannot afford day care centers..
text:Oh that is a problem..ok you can try for applying child care assistance provided by the government to help you take care of your expenses..can you do it?	labels:I think i can search for it and work on it..This is a good idea..
text:yeah you can call to local government agencies or any social welfare organizations to help you on this..and I think you will find a solution to your problem..	labels:sure..thank you for your help..I really appreciate it..
text:happy to help..I hope you will be feeling better soon..bye..	labels:bye,,Stay safe and healthy in this pandemic..	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, what is life like for you right now?	labels:Pretty stressful. I'm a little bit anxious about school.
text:So you're worried about your studies? I will try to help if I can. Please tell me all you can..	labels:Thank you. I am finishing up my third year in college so I have some career decisions to make. I'm also trying to find a job for this summer related to what I want to study.
text:Are you finding that things are being made difficult because of the pandemic?	labels:Yes. Most of my classes are online. I really miss my friends and family.
text:I hear you. I think we're all really suffering at the moment. Are you getting any support?	labels:I do live with three of my friends so it's nice to have their support. I'm glad I'm not alone.
text:What sort of thing do you want to go into when your studies are over?	labels:I'm studying psychology, I want to become a therapist or social worker.
text:That is a really worth profession. Have you thought of doing some volunteer work before you graduate?	labels:Yes! I am trying to get a job at a suicide hotline for the summer.
text:That is an awesome thing to do though it could be very mentally draining. Do you feel up to it?	labels:I know I'm up to it, but this week I've been having a hard time. Just struggling to stay motivated in school.
text:Don't put yourself under too much pressure if you are suffering yourself..	labels:I try not to. Sometimes it's hard to put myself first.
text:I think a lot of people who work helping other people have that sort of problem - it's too easy to neglect yourself..	labels:It's good to hear I'm not alone in feeling this way.
text:Is there anything else you'd like to tell me about how you're feeling right now?	labels:I got a job offer today, I'm very proud of myself!
text:That sounds wonderful - is it the sort of job you were really looking for?	labels:Sort of. It's an opportunity to work for one of my favorite professors over the summer. I'm still going to work on that suicide hotline job as well.
text:Don't over extend yourself though. Make sure to give yourself plenty of you time..	labels:That's a good point. I struggle with that.
text:Maybe set aside a few hours each week where you do something just for you, even if someone else claims that they need you..	labels:I will try that! Okay, thank you so much for your advice. I'm going to log off now. This has been very helpful.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling?	labels:I'm feeling pretty good right now.
text:Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?	labels:I have a friend who knew me since I was little. She is a little older than me. She still treat me like I'm still little. I tried to explain to her that I'm a grown woman and I grew out of lot of things when I was a kid.
text:Is she listening to you? I know how it feels to be patronised by people who are older..	labels:She still didn't get it. I want our relationship to move further but with her like this. I feel sad. Is there anything I can do?
text:Well, if she is not listening to you when you try to talk to her you have to ask yourself whether the relationship is really worth it?	labels:That's true. I didn't think about it. Should I approach her and talk about it before?
text:Yes, I think it's always worth fighting for a friendship but there does come a point when it stops being at all viable..	labels:Yeah, that's definitely true. I know she is a good person. So I would give her a chance and we can talk about it before.
text:Does she have younger siblings? I am the eldest of four and I sometimes, even at age forty five, find myself trying to tell them what to do.	labels:She have a younger brother that is 9 years younger. She used to be only child for a while before her brother was born.
text:It could be the cause of her behaviour..	labels:Maybe that's why. She have different personality than me. She is more into logical thinking and she love people and has bubbly personality. While I'm emotional but are social butterfly and after a while, I would need a break from people.
text:How much would it hurt you to end  the friendship? Do you think you could make other friends and survive it or is it worth fighting for?	labels:To be honest, there are some times when she made me cry or mad when I get home. I think that over the time and the more older I get, the more I would knowledge my relationship with her.
text:I know that I don't know her but to be honest it does sound to me like your friendship is a bit toxic.	labels:I do have other friends that I could purse the relationship farther. I think I just felt bad that I known her for years and she is a good person. It's just not what I need right now.
text:Sometimes we really just have to let things go. I know it's hard but it will probably good for your mental health.. I hope that I have been able to help you today! It's a difficult situation for sure.	labels:Yeah, thank you! You certainly helped me.
text:Have a great rest of day :).	labels:You too! Stay safe and healthy!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?	labels:I'm feeling really sad. I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I really wanted!
text:I am really sorry to hear that. It seems to be happening to a lot of people right now. Do you have anything on the back burner?	labels:No. I've had a lot of interviews but no one seems to want to hire me :(
text:I would not take it personally - I have been struggling to find work too. I think it's the pandemic.	labels:Sorry to hear you've been struggling too! I think it's just frustrating because there seems to be lots of jobs out there, but I must be giving a bad impression during my interviews.
text:Don't put yourself down! That is a really bad habit to get into when job hunting but i know how easy it is to do..	labels:Interviews are so stressful, though! I can't stand the thought of needing to do more of them.
text:Have you contemplated trying temping agencies? They pay might not be great but it is enough to get you by whilst you find something that you really want to do..	labels:That's a good idea. I hadn't really thought of that.
text:I've done a fair bit of it before ... there are good and bad aspects. You get to go to a lot of different places but it's also difficult to make friends and get settled..	labels:That does sound hard for me. I'm really shy around new people.
text:Me too. But the upside is you can pretty much choose your own hours.	labels:How did you handle having to work with new people all of the time?
text:To be honest it was not all that easy. I tended  to keep my head down a lot and just smile vaguely when someone made eye contact..	labels:That sounds hard. I don't know if I can do that. It feels like I'll never get a job.
text:What about something that involves less physical contact? There's always gig work online..	labels:I wouldn't know where to start with that. I feel like most "online" jobs are probably scams.
text:I work on Amazon Mechanical Turk - if you're diligent you can make a fair few bucks there. Not sure it's a living wage though but you could try it.	labels:I've heard of that. Thanks, maybe I'll check it out.
text:Give it a go ..you've nothing to lose but your self respect :P. On that note I hope I have been able to be of some help to you today!.	labels:You have, thanks for listening and for the advice!
text:You're most welcome and I hope that everything picks up for you again soon!	labels:Thanks! Have a nice day :)	episode_done:True
text:hi..How are you today.\nHello, I'm fine thank you how are you?	labels:Iam facing little depression because of discontinuing my academics.
text:I see, when did you stop academics?	labels:Last year.I got married and my husbands family is not accepting to get me proceed with my masters degree.Iam very depressed about that..
text:so if I understand you correctly, you cannot continue your studies because your in-laws don't want you to?	labels:yes..and iam finding it difficult to cope with that..
text:That sounds very disappointing, I can understand why you are feeling down about this.   I had to stop university halfway through for health reasons, and was not able to go back, I found that depressing too.	labels:How did you manage to get out of the depression..If you dont mind,can you tell me what happened?
text:it is hard to let go of a dream.  it's normal to feel down about it.	labels:Can you suggest some remedies of how to get out of depression..
text:I have mental health issues so I could not continue my studies, sadly.   I take antidepressants and have a counselor. is there anyone you can talk to about your depresion, perhaps your doctor?	labels:Oh I cannot go to counsellor because of they are too expensive.. I want to talk about it to some one but even my parents are not very supportive of me..
text:Are you in a city?  Some cities have free counselors. oh dear that is hard when your family is not behind you.	labels:Yes iam in a city..I dont know about any free counsellors..How to find the info.
text:are you near a public library?  sometimes librarians are really helpful to find community information.  you could call them. do you have a family doctor?	labels:Oh I think we have a public library near to my houe..I can enquire about it.
text:or of course you could do a google search for counseling.	labels:sure..I can do that..thank you for your help..
text:it sounds like what you are going through is a grieving proces.  it's the loss of a dream that was very important to you.  it will get easier over time.	labels:I really hope so that i will be happy with my life..
text:i hope you can go back to academics in the future, do you think that will be possible?	labels:Its not in my hands,my family should approve .But I will be positive about this ..That is the only option i have left..
text:i see, may I ask where you are from?.	labels:Iam from african continent..
text:another idea just came to me, there are free university courses online that you might be able to do in your spare time, if you have any. they may not get you any qualifications but they would satisfy your thirst for knowledge.	labels:I will certainly look in to it ...Thank you for all the suggestions and help..I really appreciate it..bye..	episode_done:True
text:I am sad.\nI sometimes feel sad too, these days have been really difficult.	labels:Its very stressful now that I don't have work.
text:Since when have you stressed. In life all comes and goes.	labels:Since last week when I was fired. It am struggling to pay for food. I can only eat bananas. And I only have 0.05 cents. that only enough for one banana.
text:I was also in your position I found a part time job in amazon turk and also in GoPuff they hire without too many requirements. May I suggest you to look into those options? Do you have any friend who can support you while this passes.	labels:I work for amazon turk too. It's the only way I can afford my banana based diet.
text:I try to find the best HIT which pays the most.	labels:I have friends I can call.
text:I would call them in order to get some cash while you go back on track.	labels:Their name are Plantain, Cavendish and Musa acuminata. They are really nice.
text:Great names, they sound nice. A good friend is a treasure.	labels:Yes, those are all my girlfriends. I'm very good friend's with one of their husbands, Dole.
text:I always try to see the positive side of every situation, they always happen for a good reason.	labels:He had helped me in the past.
text:And do you live by yourself ?	labels:We took many great vacations to South and Central America to India, China and Africa. Which is where all types of bananas grow. We flavored so many bananas.
text:South america is awesome I love it. People there are very positive outgoing even though their countries are not developed.	labels:I live alone. Just me and 349 garden knomes.
text:I love bananas I think we could live eating only fruits. vegan people only eat fruits and vegetables.	labels:I need to support my garden gnomes children. They will starve if I can't find a job quick!
text:I sometimes do fasting it helps.	labels:Maybe I should move to South America and open my own farm.
text:I am sure you will find what you need soon.	labels:Last night I had a bad dream.
text:That is a great idea hope you invite me to have one of the fruits you grow. What was it ? What was the bad dream about ?	labels:That I only 467 gnomes. That I only had. I LOST ONE OF MY GNOMES. I JUST LEFT HIM BEHIND.
text:I would be happy with all this gnomes.	labels:SOMEWHERE SCARED AND CRYING. IN THE RAIN.
text:Is it cold up there?	labels:And then the HORRORS, the rest of my children starved RIGHT BEFORE MY EYES.
text:In these times of pandemic is good to be careful with temperature changes.	labels:And then they SHRIVLED INTO NOTHING. I was devastated.
text:I would try to think about the good things life have. Think that tomorrow the sun will shine again.	labels:WOW you're right!!! Thank you so much for your help. I have a new purpose.
text:That's great to always have a new purpose, go get them!!	labels:I see the true goal of my life. Thank you.
text:Every dream that you have comes with the power to make it come true.	labels:THANK YOU.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello how are you ?	labels:I'm in depression because my exam is near and I can't finsh my studies.
text:can i ask you ,why you can't finish.	labels:It is because i'm very behind in my work.
text:try to catch up with your studies give more time then you feel better.	labels:How am I going to catch up on my work?
text:i think you need to be confident about your studies then you fell better.	labels:How can I be confident?
text:i think you need to take more online classes those can help you.	labels:Ok I will try to get in an online class if I can.
text:because same think happen with me and i took online classes those help me a lot. *thing.	labels:Ok how much time do you spend on online classes?
text:i spend like 3 hours a day on online class.	labels:Thanks for the idea do you have any more tips?
text:i think you need to take help from your family or friend those who know all about your studies.	labels:Thanks for helping me I might pass the exam after all.
text:your welcome , thanks for sharing your problem.	labels:Your welcome!
text:any time.	labels:Bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you?	labels:hi.
text:how can i help you?	labels:I am very sad because my friend is ignoring me .
text:please can i ask you why she is doing this?	labels:Because she does not really like me and she thinks that I am not good for her.
text:i think you need to make other new friends those who give you more time.	labels:I just need help with making friends because I am really shy.
text:do you have other friends.	labels:Not really.
text:try to make more friend because they can help you when you are sad.	labels:I don't really know how. What about you?
text:i have lots of friend , i really like to make friends ,.	labels:How do you do it?
text:i just always listen their point as well . so they like this thing.	labels:Ok that is very good advice thank you very much for helping me.
text:your welcome ,i think you need to listen them then they like you more.	labels:Ok I will take your advice thank you.
text:your welcome. thanks for sharing your problem with me.	labels:Your welcome thank you . This has made my day and now I now how to make more friends. Thank you for chatting with me today and have a great day. Bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?	labels:I am not that good. I have tried everything but not able to find suitable job.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What would you like to talk about today? Would you like to discuss job-search strategies?	labels:Yes. I actually created good profile on LinkedIn.
text:We're in the middle of a pandemic, so it's been hard for everyone to conduct a job search..	labels:but so many people apply for same openings within few minutes.
text:That's a great start. The quality of your profile is important. Did you ask anyone to give you feedback on your profile?	labels:Its highly competitive nowadays. Yes, I am taking feedback from my ex-colleagues.
text:That's good. Have you benefited from their feedback? Do you think a profession resume writer might be of help?.	labels:They have been very helpful but because of pandemic its pretty slow and lot of people are applying for same profiles.
text:What sort of position and in what industry?.	labels:I actually used to help people in the past in their profiles but now its not working. I have a software background with business intelligence. Looking for position as business analyst of BI Developer.
text:That sounds like a competitive profile under normal circumstances..	labels:I have worked for several years in a dynamic startup enviornment.
text:The demand for those positions has probably dropped because of the economic slowdown. is there any other sort of job that would interest you? Is that the kind of job that you can do from home?	labels:I was working on a senior position but I am looking for profiles like early starters. The senior positions are difficult to grasp because of economic slowdown. Yes, I was working from home for a while in my previous organization.
text:If you are good with numbers and software, you are probably a good fit for other jobs.	labels:Yes, I have atleast 5 different resumes with little tweaks. In a startup, you end up gaining knowledge of various fields.
text:So you're interested in going into the startup world?	labels:No, I don't want to go back startup world again. That's not at all reliable. Its highly risky.
text:Ok. So you want stability and a higher-level position..	labels:Stability is much more important, I don't need a higher-level position at this point of time. I am already looking for junior profiles to enter faster in the job market.
text:Is it possible that you are overqualified for those positions?	labels:Yes, but I have made customized resumes for different profiles. I tend to remove many things like MBA wherever its not required. I generally try to apply with a balanced resume, its just that market is highly competitive.
text:That might work, but I wonder whether HR will want your credentials once you get a job.	labels:I doubt HR will have any concerns about my credentials about being over-qualified after getting hired. The reporting manager may be anxious rather happy to know about my skillset.
text:Ok. It's hard to know how companies play those things now. Sometimes they check your social media accounts for any inconsistency..	labels:Yes, they do check the social media accounts but I tried to keep generic profile over there to avoid concerns.
text:That's good thinking. Play it safe..	labels:Yes, thanks. I will keep trying I guess. Hopefully I get a job soon.
text:Is there anything else you would like chat about?	labels:No, that will be all. Thanks.
text:Ok. Have a good day..	labels:Thanks, you too.	episode_done:True
text:hi..how are you today..What is it you want to talk about today?	labels:Hi..Iam doing good..iam feeling very sad about breaking up with my girlfriend.
text:Oh I can understand..when did the break up happened..	labels:A month ago and still iam not able to come out if sadness.
text:Oh Do you want me to suggest some ideas of overcoming sadness in my life..	labels:Yes i would love to hear them.
text:Did you try talking to friends and relatives..this helps a lot..	labels:yeah I will try that but Iam very embarrassed to talk about my breakup to my friends..
text:Dont worry..I myself went through the same and talking to friends helped me a lot..	labels:Yeah i will try to find some friends..do you have any other ways..
text:You can try some online forums to people who are facing the same type of issues..	labels:Are they beneficial in overcoming to the hardest feelings..
text:ofcourse they are very useful..I myself went to long walks and it helped me a lot.	labels:Is considering counselling a better option?
text:Try other strategies first,if you dont find them helpful and if you can afford a counsellor,then you can try going for therapy.	labels:I didnt know counselling is very expensive.are there any low cost options?
text:Yeah there atre some NGO s that can offer low cost counselling.You can try them.I myself tried those and found them very useful.	labels:Oh I was not aware of the options about the low cost counselling.Thank you..
text:You are very welcome..I hope you feel better soon..	labels:Thank you for the reassurance..I appreciate it..
text:Is there any thing else I can help you with?	labels:No thank you..you are very helpful..bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi..how are you today. Iam looking for some help towards facing breakup with the partner. can you help me providing some emotional support. Is there anything that I can do to be get out of the sadness in my life.\nAbsolutely. Tell me more about it. When did it happen?.	labels:it happened about a week ago..my boyfriend is being very possessive about everything I do. I find it not convincing and broke up with him.
text:I see. Were you living with your boyfriend? How was your life post breakup?	labels:ye since an year..Iam feeling an emptyness in my life. Do you suggest anything to come out of this.
text:I am sorry to hear that. It must be difficult. I have gone through a lot of breakups in my life too, and I  know what you are going through..	labels:yeah how do you manage after your breakup.
text:Has the sadness eased over time in the past year? Were you consciously taking some measures to get over the stage?	labels:Yeah iam implementing of taking a new hobby which is distracting me a little.
text:On average it takes me about a year to get over this. I feel like there is no better person for me, I don't know what the future brings, and I am imaging all the scenarios where past relationships could have been successful for me. I took a lot of walks and spent a lot of time with friends.	labels:yeah those are two good strategies to follow..I will be considering them. Do you have used any counselling?
text:I didn't. I wasn't able to afford them. I actually felt bad about venting the situation to my friends. They offered a lot of emotional support and I am sure they didn't want to seeing me like this.. Do you have a support system in place? Are you considering getting counseling?	labels:Even I cannot affod a counsellor..But Iam too embarraseed to talk to my friends.. Yes ..Iam thinking about getting a counselling. do you know any best counsellors.
text:I am glad that you are preemptive about it. I think one year in, if you still constantly think about it, a counseling session would help you get closure. Even if it is a one session, you can always assess after trying this out. My current company actually offers free counseling session if I want to, I understand it is called "One Medical"?	labels:yeah thank you for the help..is there any other strategies i can follow.
text:I also took up a lot of volunteering. It gives me a purpose and a group to belong to, where I can start fresh, have no baggages and meet new people..	labels:Yeah i think i will start fresh from tomorrow..Do you have any ideas about choosing next partner..
text:I am not familiar with the dating situation in pandemic time. I would say take it slow. If it is a right partner for you, it will make you a better person..	labels:yeah sure..I will take it slow..I think that will help me.
text:I am glad that we are able to chat. I hope things can start working out for you and you are able to move on to a new chapter of life..	labels:Yeah thank you for your help..I appreciate it.. I hope you have a wonderful day..Stay safe and healthy.	episode_done:True
text:Hi - how are you today?	labels:hey! an doing better but things at work place gets me real down.
text:I'm sorry to hear that.  What's going on at work that's making you upset?	labels:i think boss hate me.
text:Oh no!  That can be very uncomfortable.  Are there reason you feel that way?	labels:nothing i do pleases the man. all he does is complain.
text:Ugh - is he like this with everyone else, too - or do you think it's just directed at you?	labels:i think its directed to me.
text:Can you give an example and then maybe we can replay it a different way?	labels:if am asked to complete a task, i do complete them and make sure no mistake was made, if he will evaluate the task he always sees fault in what i do.
text:Hmm = that is frustrating.  Can you sit with him and go over each section that he finds fault with and ask how he would have done it?	labels:he never give time to listen. i think i'll quit the job.
text:maybe talk to his secretary and make an appointment with him.. don't quit the job unless you have another one lined up. .	labels:i never tried talking to his secretary. i think that's a good idea.
text:she's your first line to getting alone time with him!  she'll get you an appointment for sure!	labels:i try doing just that, i hope it works.
text:good.  I wish you the best of luck!  In the meantime it's never bad to put out feelers (discreetly) for other jobs. .	labels:thanks so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hey i hear your going through a divorce.	labels:Yes it's been a harrowing ordeal.
text:Oh I understand i went through one a few years ago.	labels:Yea it's never easy is it? My kids are broken hearted since daddy doesn't live with us any more.
text:Yes that is common for kids to feel intense emotions when their parent separate. Don't worry just reassure them that both mommy and daddy love them.	labels:That's all I can do. Idk. They started visitation with their daddy this weekend and i feel anxious to let them go because their father is not the most attentive person.
text:Neither was my ex husband. I know what your going through just take some time for yourself while they are with their dad.	labels:You mean like a hot bath? Or a good book?
text:Well darlin that depends. Do you enjoy those things? Why not pamper yourself? Mothers work nonstop, they deserve a break. All in all he is their father and will not risk neglecting them. Because if he does he loses them.	labels:Yea i suppose your right. Btw yes i love to soak in the tub with a bath bomb and a good book. Yea no one really seems to understand what us mothers go through on a daily basis. I'm glad it's not just me who sees it.
text:Well there you go. Go run you a hot bath. Toss in a bath bomb, and grab your favorite novel or new novel and soak your troubles away!	labels:Your right. He won't hurt them. Not with what is at risk. I'mma enjoy myself till they come back tonight. Thank you so much!
text:Of course sweetie, just remember to take care of you. There is still a woman under the mother. A lot of moms forget that and neglect themselves.	labels:Yea after so long you just go with I'm a mom as your identity. I'm still a woman. I'm actually starting to talk to a new guy it's kinda exciting..
text:Oh that's exciting! You get to start dating again! I didn't look forward it myself mainly because im jaded and have little faith in men XD. What do you look for in a man?	labels:That's easy! Someone intelligent, good looking, kind, dominate, hardworking. Someone who loves to get out, but is just as happy to sit down and binge watch netflix..
text:Ohh i want one! If you find one, see if he has a brother!	labels:Haha cute! No worries i will.
text:Great. Well it was great talking to you!	labels:You too! I feel so much better!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:Hi there, I'm struggling to be honest..
text:What are you struggling with?	labels:I've been finding it really hard to motivate myself to do anything for the last year or so, but it's been getting worse recently. Everything feels like hard work..
text:To be honest, I feel the same way sometimes, too.  It is nice to have someone to talk to about this.  Have you talked to anyone else about this yet?	labels:I haven't really, I feel like other people have their own issues and I don't want to burden them. It's good that others feel the same. Do you have any advice on what makes you feel better?
text:Yes.  I agree.  For me personally, I noticed if I think back of a time before I lost my motivation, sometimes it helps me to reenergize a bit. What have motivated you in the past?	labels:Hmm, I'm finding it hard to remember a time I didn't feel like this! I feel like this has been going on forever! I used to enjoy walking, and generally getting things done around the house. I am also self employed and loved putting time into my business but I've been finding that hard recently.. I've been watching a lot of Netflix and youtube and not doing much else.
text:I have been spending a lot of time home by myself as well.	labels:How do you cope with it? How do you not get bored and restless?
text:I noticed if I try to adhere to a schedule, even a very simple one, such as getting up at a certain time, making breakfast, and showering.  My days tend to go better.	labels:I've been finding I have a lot of time alone with my thoughts recently.. That's a good idea, I could try that. At the moment I get up at around 11am but U have been trying to get up earlier but I just can't make myself do it. I've also been sleeping during the day which is maybe not good.
text:Have you tried reading?  I find reading motivates me sometimes, too.  Sometimes too much thinking alone leaves me digging a hole for myself.	labels:I used to get a lot of pleasure from reading and would always have a book on the go. Now reading feels like a chore, as if I am making myself do it.
text:I sometimes force myself to exercise when I get sleepy when I shouldn't be tired during the day.	labels:That's a good idea I could definitely try that.. I suppose that is a little weather dependant though.
text:Maybe try YouTubing?  There are a lot of interesting channels that talks about science, technology, personal health, ... etc.  That can be beneficial to you and worthwhile.	labels:I do watch a lot of youtube, but it's mainly true crime I am into. I always forget there is other content on there other than what is in my subscription box..
text:Certainly.  I have a pullup bar and some weights at home.  Even without those, sometimes I just do some bodyweight exercises, such as pushups, squats, ... etc.	labels:Home workouts would be good. Do you use an app, or just make up the moves yourself?
text:Yes, the YouTube algorithm is not always the most helpful sometimes.  You can try logging out to see if you see some other recommendations.	labels:I will do that after this chat, and see if I can find any home workout videos on there.
text:I used to be in the military, so I have a rough idea of what exercises I can perform and how much of it I can do each time.  Looking up more information on it is a great idea. Overall, I noticed if I can stay clean, healthy, and strong, many of my other problems tend to go away or at least appear less severe.	labels:I'll do that then, and see if there are any useful apps I can use on my phone so I can do workouts on the go. I know it will be hard to get myself into the habit of doing it but maybe if I stick at it I'll see rewards.. Yeah I suppose I need to try more to not give in to all the negative thoughts.
text:I recommend finding a friend or partner to keep you accountable. I used to have a spreadsheet for my exercises such as running, because I hate running. Having to fill out that spreadsheet motivated me quite a bit at the time.	labels:I'd love to find a partner! At the moment I can't really go out and dating and I'm finding online dating tedious. That's a good idea, I use excel for work so could set up a spreadsheet for exercise..
text:Yes, have some fun with the spreadsheet, too!  Conditional formatting, plotting graphs, generating statistics.	labels:I'll certainly look into it. Thanks for your help, I'm feeling a little more focused..	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? What would you like to discuss today?	labels:hi. I am not feeling too well.
text:How long have you felt this way?	labels:i have been feeling this low for close to a month now.
text:Has there been a big change in your life recently?	labels:i was having an affair and i confided in my best friend about it. i found out that she told my other 2 friendd about it as well.
text:Your friend violated a confidence. That sounds difficult..	labels:i dont know what to do.
text:How long have you been married?	labels:10 years.
text:Is this the first affair that you have had? Has your spouse had any affairs?	labels:i started having feelings for a guy at work. I worked with him for 8 years and now he left the comapny so i was feeling very depressed and he has a girlfrend now and wont talk to me. my life feels empty. my spouse doesnt know. so i shared with my best friend as i wanted her to help me bring that guy back into my life. at the same time i dont want to leave my husband as for security reasons.
text:Ok. It is possible that he will find out. It is better that he find out from you than someone else..	labels:no then he will leave me and i dont want to be alone/. iam 40 and i cant have kids. my husabnd is a lawyer and we live a comfotable life. he can never find out.
text:If 2-3 people already know, then it's possible for him to find out. Could you go to couple's therapy? That is a good forum for discussing the marriage.	labels:after i confrotned my firend, she said that my husband doesnt deserve me. and called me manipulative and malicious. I denied the affair and told my other firends that she is lying.
text:You had an affair because you were dissatisfied with your marriage. Why do you think that was?	labels:my husband hasnt slept with me for over 4 years.
text:You want intimacy and affection. What do you think caused the change in his behavior?	labels:i dont know, he gets mad when i touch him. he wont divorce me either as he wont want to give me money from the divorce.
text:You don't need permission for a divorce in the US. Where do you live?	labels:i live in Chicago. but i wont be able to support my self and i dont want to be a divorcee. i am married to a lawyer and people look up to me.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? what would you like to talk about today?	labels:hi how are you.
text:I'm fine.	labels:i am facing a lot of depressino in my life.
text:Ok. That sounds challenging. What do you think might be causing that?	labels:my husband is a very sadistic and abusive person who finds fault in everything i do.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. How long have you been married?	labels:Iam married for 5 yaers..and Iam not happy even a day.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you are unhappy. What sorts of things does your husband say and do?	labels:He is not very responsible at home and doesn't even bother to do his job sincerely..
text:You have more responsibility at home. You would like him to help you more at home. What kinds of things would you like him to do?	labels:He is kind of sexually and physically abusing me for everything I do..and say..I want him to be a good husband and father to my kids..
text:This is a serious matter. Have you spoken to anyone in the local government about this?	labels:No Iam very scared to get out of this relationship thinking about my kids..
text:You need to be strong for the sake of your children. How old are they?	labels:can you tell me how to reach out to the government.
text:There should be a website for the local gov't in your city. Also: there are NGOs that help people in abusive relationships. They can provide counseling and more..	labels:okay  i will try to find them..also is there any peer support groups that you can suggest me.
text:I would contact a local hospital. They might have a list of NGOs that manage support groups.	labels:sure.. i will try to find for help. anything that i should consider.
text:People want others to change, but usually that is too much to hope for. Important steps have to be taken by you first. The first step is to talk to someone and get perspective on your situation and learn what options you have.	labels:yes i understand.. thanks for the help today. bye..	episode_done:True
text:Hello..Iam here to help you today..how are you doing today.	labels:Hi..I am facing immense sadness because of a recent breakup with my boyfriend..
text:I can understand that is very hurtful..can you tell me more about the help you need.	labels:My boyfriend was very abusve and is very doubtful of me ,so I need to be broke up with him.
text:you can come out of breakup and have a start with new life..	labels:Can you provide me some resources on how to do that.
text:Of course..Try getting talked to friends and family who can understand you..	labels:Yes I can do that..anything else?
text:Yes..They are many online forums and groups who are having a lot of people facing similar issues..Talking to them makes you feel new and refreshed..	labels:Yeah..I can try that..
text:I strongly believe that you will be fine with in no time..	labels:Do you really think so?
text:For sure..I am a real survivor of broken up relation ship..	labels:Can you suggest me how to get in to a new relationship when i commit next time..
text:Be make sure the real attitude of the person.try to find some one with a kind nature..	labels:I will certainly keep in mind..
text:Yes..and you should be not in a hurry to commit in to a relationship which many people will do.	labels:Yeah that is a statement to be remembered..
text:Is there anything else I can help you today?	labels:can you tell me which men are more kind .
text:Make sure to find a man who is not very bossy and gives importance to how you feel.	labels:Sure..thank you for all the help.
text:always welcome.Iam sure you will be alright..	labels:Thank you .bye..	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon, Would you be able to assist me?\nhello, my name is Sue, how can I help?	labels:I broke up with my partner 1 month ago and now I don't really want to meet with my friend anymore.
text:How is the friendship related to the break up can you please explain? Breakups are such a challenging thing to go through.	labels:We had friends in common and I feel they liked her better than me.
text:So you went through a breakup, and feel that the friends you had in common prefer her to you, so you don't want to see your firends any more, am I understanding correctly?	labels:I have a fear they laughing at me behind my back, you know what I mean?
text:do you have any evidence they are laughing at you or not liking you?  or is it a feeling you have? I know sometimes I think someone feels a certain way about me, but if I ask them, it turns out not to be true, and it clears the air.   Sometimes it's just in my own head.	labels:I don't know how to explain. I have a feeling everybody even on the street are laughing because of my breakup with partner.
text:i see. but HAS anyone laughted at you?  or told you they don't like you?  or not responded when you have talked to them?	labels:No, not really. I think it's just my feelings about it. Because you know my ex on a public was so perfect but nobody knows how she acted when we were alone...
text:i can relate to this.   I went through a breakup a couple of years ago, and left town.   Part of me is relieved I don't have to see those friends we had in common any more.  I didn't want to be jiudged for leaving him.   So I have experienced some similar feelings.	labels:Good you understand me.
text:Ah yes, the public and private can be quite different sometimes for sure. have you reached out to any of these friends to test the waters?  maybe called or texted just to touch base and have a chat that's not emotionally loaded, about light topics?   This might be a non-threatening way to test out how they are feelng about you.  You might be pleasantly surprised, and find that goes well.	labels:One friend offered me to go for a drink tonight but I haven't replied yet. And also I don't want to talk about my ex at all, that's what I am afraid he can ask.
text:the other thing is these common friends might feel a bit awkard too about the situation.   They have to figure out how to relate to you both on your own, it's a change of dynamics, so might take a bit of time to settle out.   Can you tell your friend that you'd like to go out for a drink but that you don't feel comfortable talking about your ex at all?  Would your friend respect your request if you made one do you think?	labels:Yes that's true. I believe he might understand me and accept my request. Would be quite challenging if we will meet my ex wth other friends in same pub. I live in a small town.
text:oh I see, yes that could be awkward for sure. . i think it's important you go out with your friend, but can understand your reluctance to run into your ex.   Could you go out for coffee or lunch instead?	labels:Well that's would be quite strange as we usually meet only for drinks.
text:Ah gotcha.   So do you think you will accept or not?  Or still need time to think about it?	labels:I will give it a go and see what happens. I will text you tomorrow to let you know how it went.
text:i hope if you go that you have an enjoyable time, and that your friend respects your boundaries.  And worse case scenario, if your ex is there, you could leave early...if it were me I'd warn my friend that I might have to. I'm glad you are going!   Take care of yourself and have a good time.   Was there anything else?	labels:That's good tip, thanks. I think that's it for today. have a lovely afternoon.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing today?	labels:I was looking for some assistance. I lost my job 4 month ago.
text:Losing your job is one of the biggest stressors in life, how have you been handling it?	labels:Well first few month was kind off alright, Was looking for a job in different places without success. And now I am really depressed and I feel so useless.
text:I know what it's like to lose a job, and when it's hard to find a new one it can really make you feel low. What activities have you been doing in addition to seeking new employment?	labels:Nice that you understand me, I was trying job websites alongside with jobcenter in town centre. I have jobseeker allowance but it will not cover the rent.
text:I am living in a high-rent city and the only way I was able to keep my apartment was to find a roommate. Are there ways you can get help from friends or family until a new job opens up?	labels:I am renting just a room at the moment, Before I had a girlfriend so we had to split the bill. After she left I had to take all responsibility just on myself to pay bills. I have few friends but don't think they could lend me a lot of money anyway.
text:One possible solution, if it's possible for you, could be to sub-lease your room to someone else and stay with friends or family. Even if they can't loan you money, they may be able to let you stay with them for a week while you make money renting your room as an airbnb.	labels:Oh AirBnB might be a solution actually. I will speak to my cousin if I could stay couple of nights at his place.
text:What sort of employment are you looking for? Perhaps we can brainstorm some places you can go to make connections for potential work.	labels:I was working in IKEA warehouse before I got redundant.
text:Working in a warehouse shows you have great skills for several other types of jobs. Have you checked small independent-contractor sites like TaskRabbit or Lyft to make extra funds while you search for a new permanent job?	labels:I even haven't heard about those. I am really useless sometimes... What kind of jobs I can find there do you know?
text:Well, if you didn't know about them, that's not your fault. It's possible that you could find a new job opportunity while working on smaller tasks or by volunteering for a local organization. You could meet new folks who could provide you with new connections for employment!	labels:I Will definitely try that. You are really helpful. Have you been doing any jobs through those websites?
text:Yes I am able to make a little spending money by doing small tasks like delivering real estate papers, or delivery take-out food. You can google a list of sites like RentSons.com where you can sign up to do an assortment of tasks, and your warehouse skills will come in handy!	labels:That's cool, I feel now a lot better. Maybe I will be able to find even a girlfriend somewhere on those jobs. I feel lonely after my girlfriend left me.
text:We all feel lonely when life gets hard, but getting yourself out there to do tasks will help you feel useful AND you could meet your future wife, you never know! I wish you the absolute best!	labels:Thank you very much for you help. I learned something new today and feel much better.
text:You're welcome. I think you'll do great.	labels:Have a lovely afternoon!	episode_done:True
text:hello, how are you?	labels:hi. how can i help you? i'm in depression because i lost my job.
text:oh! did you search for new job?	labels:yes , but is very hard to find new job.
text:yes i know its hard but try maybe you can get quickly if you find new.	labels:sorry what you mean?
text:i mean if you apply for new job you can get quickly. then you can come out from this depression..	labels:yes i did but market is down because of this pandemic.
text:yes its difficult situation for everyone because of this pandemic.. but try for online job.	labels:yes i'm thinking about online job because its difficult to go out.
text:try to come out from depression because its not good for your health.	labels:yes i try but I can't . do you have any idea to come out from this depression.
text:try to do some yoga its make you relax.	labels:that's good idea i will try.
text:try to watch comedy movies that make you happy as well.	labels:yes sometime i'm watching but after that i'm in same situation.
text:one i face same situation but i try those things it help i lot.	labels:yes i will do , Thanks.
text:your welcome. thanks for sharing your problem.	labels:thanks for ideas.
text:Your welcome.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi..Iam in severe kind of depression and stress. Iam married for 7 years and have 2 kids..My partner never liked me and he only used me as a sexual toy .he is abusing me physically and sexually . I feel like there is some one to share my pain and very badly need a shoulder to cry on. I want to really go for some therapy to get out of sadness in my life. i want to be there for my kids who are really a blessing from god. I love to go back to my parents but they even dont look after me. They worry about the society more than their own daughter.\nHello, I just connected. What do you want to talk about most?	labels:I am seeking some emotional help with my depression.
text:We can start over... It seems like you have having issues with managing depression. Is that so?	labels:Iam a victim of domestic and sexual abuse by my partner.yes,I need some help.
text:It is OK to ask for help. Many people do it every day. You deserve to be heard..	labels:Yeah I have two beautiful kids,I just want to be there for them in their life.
text:You have a wonderful dedication to your children, I can tell.	labels:Yeah also I am looking for some financial security for my kids future which is possible only with a job..
text:You mentioned this before, but have you tried therapy sessions?	labels:Yeah Iam looking to go for therapy ,but not able to find a therapist according to my budget.
text:There are many ways to find a mental health professional at little to no cost. Look in your network and see if you can find someone without a co-pay, or if you don't have insurance, you will be able to find people who provide services who use sliding pay scales..	labels:Those are very helpful ideas..Thank you very much.I will try for sure.
text:You are welcome. Sometimes you will pay as little as 0-$20 a session. I've found this to be helpful in my life on multiple occasions..	labels:Oh I didnt know that the therapy sessions are that inexpensive.I was in a opinion like they cost me 200 $for each session. Any opinions that I can consider?
text:You have to find what is available. Avoid big buildings full of psychologists, usually the more independent practices are reasonable and provide better service IMO..	labels:What kind of therapies are useful and beneficial to me in my situation.
text:Probably someone to talk to, so just a counselor or therapist fits the bill. I am not a doctor so don't take anything I say as medical advice btw.	labels:Sure..That is very helpful..Can you suggest where to find some online forums to find survivors with my same condition.
text:I found a lot of chat boards and information from a google search. You are not alone and it is OK to feel and to be going through this..	labels:I think you are provided me with valuable help and advice..I appreciate it..Thank you..I think I can exit the chat?what do you say?
text:Your are welcome and I wish you the best in life. You can exit if you wish..	labels:sure.bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? What would you like to discuss today?	labels:Hello my name is Marie. I have a lot of depression. I feel like I'm always hurting.
text:Hi, Marie. You are dealing with depression. I'm sorry to hear that.	labels:I have low energy most of the time except for when I'm working.
text:What is it about work that gets you going?	labels:My job is fast paced I work for a call center working from home.
text:You spend a lot of your day talking and interacting with people. Do you enjoy the work?	labels:I'm always taking one call after the other and barely got time to think about my problems I'm dealing with. I enjoy my job.
text:The work distracts you from your problems but it does not give you time to address them..	labels:I feel like I get to help alot of people. it distracts me from my problems exactly.
text:I'm sure you do! Phone support requires a lot of patient explanation. That is challenging for many people.	labels:I'm actually one of the best at my job. I wish I was that good with myself personally.
text:I'm glad you have found success and fulfillment at your work.	labels:Thank you.
text:If your job is good for you, what do you think makes you feel depressed then?	labels:I don't know what I'm going to myself when I'm not working. I feel hopeless about many things.
text:Exercise? Reading? School? Friends? Hopelessness might be something that you have learned because you have expectations. Do you feel that there has to be some sort of result? Progress? Improvement?.	labels:trying to lose weight, trying to void getting diabetes, having better conversation with boyfriend , convince him to spend more time with me instead of work buddies after work hours, want to finish college, being able to buy a house, improving my credit, convincing my dad and brother to get mental help.
text:If you didn't do any of those things ever, how would you feel about yourself?	labels:having a more active lifestyle , making new friends. those are things I need to accomplish.
text:Now imagine you achieve all of those things, and you do so in spectacular fashion. Would you be happy? Or would you find another reason to feel hopeless?	labels:I believe those are the things that have been bothering me for a long time. not being able to accomplish those things makes me feel hopeless. frustrated. feel like I'm meaningless to thers.
text:It's important to remember that you choose what goals to pursue. You decide the criteria for success and failure. You are the final arbiter of your life.	labels:those are all goals in my life that I need to reach. I just don't know how most of the time.
text:I understand. We all have goals. Goals can be helpful. But ask yourself why you chose those particular goals..	labels:I feel like I can't get guidance anywhere. those are goals that when I accomplish them it will make me feel better.
text:It sounds like you need someone to tell you what to do, or to give you permission to do what you want to do..	labels:if I accomplish them it will feel like there was improvement. probably I've been used to my dad telling me what to do for a long time. I lack self motivation.
text:If you need permission, I hereby grant you permission to pursue what is meaningful to you.. You gave me a list of things that you want to achieve. Pick one.	labels:I want to do all those. I'm not sure what should I do first.
text:I understand. Which one is more important. Which is the one you can do right away? Also: which one do you really *not* want to do?	labels:I feel like all those goals will take some time. can't be accomplish right away.
text:Of course. Anything worthwhile takes time.	labels:I need to stay on top of those goals but I feel like I get side tracked.
text:You feel compelled to pursue these goals. Why? If you don't, what is the worst that could happen? What if you only pursued one goal?	labels:pursuing only one of these will not be enough to make me happy I will keep thinking about the goals I need to accomplish.
text:You need to readjust your expectations, which are causing you to feel unhappy..	labels:is there a technique that you can suggest I follow to feel self motivated and keep my goals organized and in check. I will feel successful after completing most of these goals.
text:Pick a small action, like making your bed. Establish a habit of doing it daily. It will be easy to build on that success, but you might first establish a habit.	labels:yeah sometimes I don't make the bed I wait to see if my boyfriends makes it sometimes. sometimes I do make the bed. it's not that bad doing that.
text:Make the bed every day. Then pick another small goal.	labels:I actually feel good about my self after making the bed. procrastination seems to get the best of me. I wish I made the bed more often.
text:That is evidence that you should continue that behavior..	labels:that sounds weird. not what you said I referring to what I said I think it was weird. right? maybe you're right I need to make it a habit.
text:What do you think sounds weird?	labels:I need to make the bed more often since it makes me feel good after making it.
text:That is not weird at all..	labels:oh okay thanks.
text:When we accomplish something, our brain rewards us with chemicals..	labels:wow. that's good to know.
text:It sounds like your brain just gave you a squirt of chemicals.	labels:that explains that feeling after making the bed. lol.
text:You have some big goals. Break them down into smaller ones..	labels:yes I think those are mostly big goals that's why I don't know where to start.
text:Weight loss is quantitative. Pick a number..	labels:pick a number?
text:How much weight do you want to lose? How much can you lose this week, this month? It doesn't have to be much, but it must be measurable. How much less do you want to eat? It doesn't have to be much but it must be measurable. How much do you want to exercise? It doesn't have to be much but it must be measurable.	labels:that's really good advice to break down that goal.
text:Great! I'm glad I was able to help..	labels:you did. thank you so much.
text:I wish you the best of luck with your goals!	labels:thank you very much. I really appreciate your guidance. have a good night.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?	labels:I'm ok just kind of sick of the same old stuff happening at work. This co worker keeps going behind my back.
text:That sounds like a difficult situation. How long has this been going on?	labels:For about a year.
text:What is your co-worker doing exactly? Saying things about you? Gossip to your boss?	labels:So she asks me to do something for her which isn't possible.  Like give her a report on data that we don't have access to. I tell her I can't do it and she starts going to other people asking them, they reach out to me to ask if its possible and I tell them the same thing.
text:It sounds like your co-worker doesn't trust your abilities. Does the co-worker have a legitimate reason to ask for the report? Is it important to the company?	labels:Shes just trying to please people by throwing data at them.
text:The co-worker hopes to get in their good graces by looking productive. is that right?	labels:yes.
text:Ok. This has been going on for some time. Is it possible to discuss the matter with your manager? With HR?	labels:we are in hr.
text:That's a challenging situation! What do your other co-workers think of this behavior?	labels:i haven't talked to them about it we are all remote so no one to talk to.
text:Would you feel comfortable talking to them about this issue?.	labels:not really, i'm afraid they will think i'm just a complainer.
text:I suppose it depends how you frame the issue to them. If you say, "So-and-so is bothering me and I can't stand it" then you are complaining. However, if you ask them for their opinion, and say, "What has your experience with so-and-so been?" it might open up a conversation.	labels:maybe.	episode_done:True
text:Greetings, how are you doing today?	labels:Don't know really how I'm feelin.
text:Hell, even that's ok sometimes.	labels:I guess so...
text:Is there anything you'd like to talk about?	labels:Why does love hurt so much.
text:Are you hurt because you lost someone?	labels:She broke my heart after all we had been through.
text:That's a tough one. I imagine you have a lot of pain after that.	labels:Are all women the same.
text:How would you feel if you were her?	labels:I would have tried to square out things rather than acting selfish, however tough. But again I will never understand her position.
text:It is good to try.	labels:feel like the pain is becoming toxic. i would love to, but without the truth I might be fooling myself.
text:Have you ever considered some outside help, like a therapist? There are many out there and you might find it helpful.	labels:I hadn't thought of that.
text:I myself have done it and it helped.	labels:Thank you. How was the experience.
text:It helps to have someone to talk to.	labels:Thank you. I will make an effort. thank you for listening to me.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you? What would you like to discuss today?	labels:hello my name is Marie.
text:Nice to meet you, Marie. How are you doing today?	labels:I've been feeling really anxious after work.
text:I see. That sounds like a difficult situation. Could you tell me a bit more about your job?	labels:I'm doing well with work after work my focus becomes my boyfriend coming back from work.
text:After you get home, you focus on your boyfriend when he comes home from work. Do I understand correctly?	labels:yes. I work from home. I live with my boyfriend at hotel. we've been together for over 5 years.
text:Ok. So you are having some conflict with your boyfriend?	labels:yes I have been and it's not new issues.
text:Are the issues about money? Work? Many different things?.	labels:I don't know when he exactly comes back from work. I would like to know when he exactly finishes working.
text:Ok. So you would like to have more information about his schedule and when you will be together with him. Is that correct?	labels:Supposingly he's staying at work after work having drinks with co workers. He does this often.
text:Ok. He is socializing with his co-workers and you would prefer that he come home and spend time with you. Is that right?	labels:I would like him to give us more time.
text:Ok. Socializing with co-workers is sometimes part of the job. Of course, your relationship with him is much more important, or it should be to him. What does he say when you talk to him about this?	labels:I don't mind him staying late at the job sometimes but it seems like everyday he's socializing with his work buddies.
text:Ok. By the way, do you have friends that you could socialize with? I understand that you want to spend time with him, but what other people do you have in your life?	labels:I've mentioned to him about it and he always say that he will try to be back earlier , he gives a time he will be back, he says okay he will stop the drinking so much but he can't keep his word. I really don't have anyone to physically hangout with.
text:Ok. Do you enjoy chatting with people online? You seem to chat well with me, so I think that you could connect with others virtually.	labels:it's always been a struggle to make new friends to hang out with.
text:Hobbies are a good way to connect with people. What do you like to do?	labels:after high school it has been a struggle to meet new people to hang out. I tend to just hang out with new people I meet probably once and never see them again.
text:Ok. My suggestions is that you find a friend or two to connect with virtually or physically. Perhaps joining a club, a gym or a class would help. This is one way for you to gain control of the situation..	labels:I used to enjoy Zumba since I like dancing , I spend most my freetime watching movies and different series on Netflix also like to watch the home remodeling shows.
text:Passive entertainment is not bad, but it does not help you make friends. Zumba and other activities are great for health and can help you meet people. Is there a place in your neighborhood?	labels:I feel like I have social anxiety and that prevents me from having a conversation with someone. I think there is a gym nearby.
text:You might want to see a medical doctor about that. There are probably treatments that would help you adjust to social settings.	labels:I don't have insurance. I think psychological therapy can be expensive I don't know how much it will cost.
text:Sometimes there are free clinics, and perhaps a university has programs so that their students can learn to help patients.	labels:those free clinics usually have a long wait. I don't know if they have improved their system.
text:True, but it is important to take steps toward changing your situation.	labels:I get impatient sometimes. yes I agree.
text:I hope that this chat has helped you.	labels:I think it has to do with my father being mostly a single parent raising my brother and me he used to keep us inside the home. most of the time.
text:I understand. Life is about change. The past can loom large and we need to understand how it affects our perspective on life.	labels:my father and brother are even worse than me now. they don't really have any relationships with anyone just family and they barely talk to them.
text:Ok. You are not them. You are a different person. You can make your own choices.	labels:I don't want to be like them. that's why I moved out from my dad's home.
text:That is a good first step. Good for you!	labels:its been almost 7 years since I moved out.
text:Now it is time for more steps..	labels:my dad didn't want me to hang out with my boyfriend for 4th of July. I was 26 and my dad forced me to stay home.
text:That is an odd request. Why do you think he wanted that?	labels:I called the cops after my dad dragged me inside the house. he did not want to become independent. he did not like my boyfriend either.
text:It sounds like you have unresolved conflict with your father.	labels:oh yes there is alot of conflict with my father and brother.
text:Ok. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you. I need to go now.	labels:when my boyfriend and I went to visit 2 months ago the cops came twice to my dad's home. they all got in a fight. ok that's alright if you have to go. thanks for the chit chat.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!  How are you today?	labels:Hello. I am alright and yourself? I am just a little bit upset at the situation.
text:I am doing well, I am sorry to hear you are upset.	labels:I thought I could trust my best friend. I really saw her as my sister. ..but I was wrong. I am not sure how to deal with this.
text:I'm very sorry to hear you are feeling this way. Have you tried talking to her?	labels:I have spoken to her. At first she stated that she was angry at me after speaking with my partner. Then the second time she told me that it wasn't worth telling him everything and that she was sorry, But our friendship will never be the same. I lost a best friend at the end of the day and my daughter lost her God mother.
text:wow, there is a lot going on for sure, I hope it assures you too know that tough times to pass. Do you have another outlet? Someone else to turn to? Maybe get a hug?	labels:Yes I truly believe that. I have my family .. they live about an hour away but they are very good listeners.
text:Waiting for the time to pass is like torture sometimes, I know. I am happy you have more support. Do you have a car or a way to get there if you wanted to?	labels:I think the hardest thing that I am going to have to surpass is being able to trust again.
text:well the fact that you recognize that is a big deal.	labels:I personally do not own a vehicle of my own. It is one that belongs to my partner. I am trying to save up to get my own.
text:Accepting the truth is the hardest. That is great you have started saving.	labels:I figured if I don't, I would probably have a hard time getting over it you know?
text:there are many new money saving APP's out there, some make it easy to achieve a goal, maybe that is something you could check out?	labels:Yeah.. but how does one go about gaining back the trust of others or getting themselves to that state of mind where they are comfortable with it again?
text:I understand what you are saying.	labels:Yes for sure. I am going to look up some apps. thank you for that.
text:Opening themselves up to the opportunity to be hurt again..... that is the only way to know whether you will love or trust someone, the trickiness that is life!	labels:Not to be hurt again ..to be open enough to trust someone again.. I hear you.
text:that is the sad thing, you kind of have to accept that getting hurt will always be a possibility, maybe it won't sting as much when someone has to go an prove you right.... that's my thought.	labels:Truth. I guess I just have to keep that kind of mindset. Go into things and enjoy them but proceed with caution?
text:Yes! That is a great way to put it!	labels:Thank you for the advice. I really appreciate it..
text:Just never forget you are worthy of love, happiness, and nothing but good things.	labels:I feel a little brighter having spoken to someone about it. Thank you for that tip as well.
text:I am happy I could help.	labels:I needed to hear that.
text:Things will look up! I am happy you let the words sink in!	labels:I really have hope that they will :)
text:a smile face is a good sign!	labels:I appreciate your help. Have a great day.. Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how are you feeling today?	labels:Just a bit sad. The holidays always seem to do that.
text:Are you wanting to get back to work?	labels:Work is a good distraction from life.
text:Well yes I can concur with that. I have often found work takes my mind off my problems.	labels:Work can set you free from your own thoughts.
text:Well that's not a phrase that I much like. But there's nothing wrong with liking your job..	labels:Oh sorry, wasn't saying it in the same context of Hitler. It actually predates the Nazi's . But nonetheless it can be taken the wrong way. My bad.
text:It's okay :) I did not realise that it predated Hitler. On another note, tell me about your job?	labels:Just your typical dead end job working for a corporation. Got to make the mortgage payments. But given how many people are out of work we are supposed to be happy to have a job.
text:Well, a lot of people have been made redundant due to the pandemic - but that is not a reason why people should be happy with a dead end job. Would you consider something else?	labels:Yeah just don't have the confidence to find a new job. I get paid a decent wage and the work isn't hard. It just isn't mentally rewarding.
text:It's okay to coast for a while if it's paying the bills but in the long term it won't be very satisfying. What would be your chances of retraining?	labels:There's no other positions at the company I work at, I would have to leave the company. I am at the top of my position being a supervisor.
text:What about a whole new career though? Something you'd never even considered before?	labels:That would take a lot of motivation to change careers.
text:I know but think about how worth it it would be! Did you have anything you wanted to do as a child that you never did?	labels:Not really. I didn't have those types of dreams. I went to college , got a job, make money. Pretty much achieved what I set out to do. Didn't realize it wouldn't bring happiness.
text:Could it possibly be some sort of mid life crisis? I am forty five and frankly am starting to question everything in my life..	labels:Yeah I am a few years shy of a midlife crisis but I joke about it being a mid life crisis all the time.
text:heh it does creep up on you trust me :D. On that note thank you for talking and have a lovely day!	labels:Thank you, you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hello good afternoon.\nHi, good afternoon.	labels:I'm feeling anxious that I am going to lose my job.
text:Losing a job is always anxious.	labels:I hope I don't.
text:Why do you think you will lose your job?	labels:I am on short term disability and I am not ready to go back to work yet but I do not have any job protection.
text:Oh so your job is not protected and your short term disability will end soon? Is that correct?	labels:It's not ending yet, but no my job is not protected. I live in the United States, but I have not been at my job long enough to earn protection for medical leave. you have to have been here for a year, and I started November 2020. I'm afraid that I will lose my job since I'm still on disability for the foreseeable future.
text:I see. Have you spoken to HR?	labels:I have, but they are telling me that it is up to my department manager who isn't actually getting back to me about it yet.
text:Your department manager is not answering you?	labels:No, I have sent them a few emails about it. It makes me nervous. I do not have a phone number to call and my psychiatrist really does not think I am ready to go back to the stress of my job. I wish I could just call him, but I do not have a phone number for him. Just his email.
text:Have you tried mentioning that to HR?	labels:HR is the one who gave me his email. I don't think he has a direct work line, and they're not allowed to give out personal information.
text:Yes that is how most employments work about providing personal information. That in itself causes anxiety to most since other forms of communication is not possible especially if they are not responding to ciritcal matters..	labels:Yes! 100%. Every time my phone rings I get nervous that I'm being fired and I'm worried I made a mistake going out on disability. I needed to though, but I'm nervous.
text:No you should not have to feel you made a mistake for the time you  are taking out of work for a necessity.	labels:Thank you for saying that. That does make me feel better. It sucks sometimes we have to choose between our health and our jobs. We don't get paid to take care of our health though, we only get paid to work.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello, how are you today.	labels:i am worried about my friend. he is bipolar, went off his meds, is sick and won't get help.
text:Do you know how long he has been off his meds?  Does he need help getting a refill?  It can be hard to no our "normal" things when we don't feel; that's for sure.	labels:i am not sure....but he has gone manic, super hyper, and says he doesn't need his mads any more, he just doesn't want them. so i can't help him get a refull no... i'm not sure how to help him, i've told him my concerns but he says he is just fine (he is not)
text:If you are that worried about him, it does sound pretty severe, it may be time to call someone to get him help.  Like his doctor or someone from the hospital.	labels:i don't know who his doctor is...i tried talking to his sister, she said the hospital can't help him unless he goes there, and he does not want to.
text:We definitely don't want him to hurt himself or someone else. We definitely don't want him to hurt himself or someone else.	labels:for sure. i'm not sure how to help someone who doesn't want help, you know?  so basically i am just stuck with all this worry, i care about him.
text:Has his sister seen this kind of replace before?  And if so how did they address it then? That is a really hard place to be.  His doctors phone number is probably on his prescription bottle.	labels:she told me she doesn't want anything to do with him, apparently he goes off his meds a lot, and it has been super hard on the family...they can't handle it. hey that's a good idea! I'd have to be sneaky....go visit him and hunt around....but I could try that. its got me so worried it is affecting my sleep.
text:The doctor may not be able to get him in the office, but they would have his records and also be able to connect you to a facility to could maybe help him since the hospital can't.	labels:hmm okay, i can try that.
text:I can imagine, I'm worried now too and I don't even know your friend. I really hope you keep me updated on how things go.	labels:i will try to!  I think you're right though that the doctors office is the best place to call, thankyou for that suggestion. its tricky....with human rights they don't just haul people to hospital any more against their will lol.
text:You're so welcome.  So it sounds like you'll call the doctor office (once you get the number) but please let me know if I can help any other way. lol, very true they do not.  :)	labels:hmm i can't think of anything....but it really helps to get this off my chest and to have a plan of action, thank you. its sad his family has given up on him. but i guess everyone has their limits.
text:you're so welcome.  glad I could help. It's really sad, your friend is lucky to have you.	labels:aw thankyou. i hope you have a good evening, thanks again, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi solution provider !.\nhello, how are you doing today?	labels:Today those things have gone and all are fine. When we happen to think of the old experience everyone is not satisfied and feeling anger .
text:So you are angry about what happen in the past. hello, are you still there.?	labels:yes.
text:good.	labels:All of us feel the same way.
text:so what is bordering you about the past? yes, i feel the sdasme way too.	labels:We had not thought of such a difference between us.
text:Yes, so many differences.	labels:Nowadays, we only chat on and not try to go out. That makes us excited and enjoyed.
text:hmmm, that sounds fun.	labels:But it seems boring and thinking of making a plan that suits all. Do you have some experience of going tour with friends, so that I can get some idea from you.
text:yea that will  be boring on the long run, just try and mix it up. we always love going out to a place we have never been before.	labels:We do plan to have one kind of interest and those who want to join may join. This is the strategy we think will work out. But if having some pre notion we can be careful of it.
text:it a good strategy, just make sure you research well about where you wanted to visit before making the trip.	labels:Exactly, that is the idea behind this. Can you suggest some more>
text:and always have a budget plus some extra cash just incase, it always help us doing our expedition.	labels:We do fix places, budget, etc., May be this time, we will be okay. Next time we will have a good idea.
text:just, just make sure you have fun.	labels:How do you think about including our family members, all of us are senior citizens.
text:yes, u can. That is a very good idea for a family vacation especially after the long covid lockdown.	labels:Plan is not now, only after pandemic is over especially we being more than 50. Just have an idea about how to make it work.
text:ok, thats good thinking. let everything die down first. Nice talking to you.	labels:I think we make it first and then include the family members.
text:yes, that sounds like a plan. gat to go now.	labels:okay. Had some nice opinions from you. Thanks. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how is your day going? Hello, how is your day going?	labels:eh. wish i could relax.
text:Has trouble relaxing been an ongoing issue?	labels:since i had to pick up two extra jobs on top of my full tiem job. cost of living went waaay up. boss cant afford to give me a raise. so i picked up two part time jobs i can do at home.
text:It can be difficult to balance things like that, I feel you.	labels:i'm also in online school for my masters degree.
text:It must be stressful.	labels:i just never get a break.
text:That sounds hard.	labels:it isi  also have 3 kids. im divorced. i have an 8 yo daughter and twin boys that are 6.
text:With all that ambition I'm sure you will find a way.	labels:i guess.
text:Is there anyone you trust that you can ask for help?	labels:my family is in another state. i dont really have time to have friends :/
text:There are a lot of counselors available that might be able to help you manage your time to the max..	labels:lol i have one. they said i am taking too much on but they cant see anything i can drop. :/ not much help. lol. not a bad idea though.
text:I've taken on too much at one time before but I still found a way through. I bet you can too..	labels:thanks for the support.
text:You are welcome. Never give up!	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:what should I do?\nCan you tell me a little more about your situation so I can better understand?	labels:My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and theirs didn't.  He's telling people it's because I'm having an affair with the coach - who is married!  This is not true!  My daughter is a better soccer player. what do you think I should do?.
text:It sounds like your friend's husband might be jealous of your daughter, or embarrassed that his daughter did not get moved up also. Have you spoken to your friend about this?	labels:I haven't yet.  I was deciding whether or not to talk to him directly or just her or both at the same time.  I am really upset and don't want to lose her.  I know people get all crazy about their kids and sports.  I agree that he's jealous but his daughter isn't really that good - didn't make the school team either.  Should I talk to my friend alone first?
text:It depends on the depth of the relationship between the three of you. How long have you all been friends?	labels:About 6 years.  Our daughters are also friends, too.  I am single so I don't care about the husband but also don't want to come in between their marriage..
text:Yes, that is a difficult situation to know how to handle. It could be in your best interest to leave your friend out of it so she doesn't feel stuck in the middle or forced to take sides. However she could view the opposite as you going behind her back.	labels:yes that's true.  I don't want to go behind her back but also don't want to get her involved.  I could have the coach talk to the dad maybe?
text:Yes, coaches are a great resource for life's dilemmas. Perhaps another option would be to casually mention something to him in passing, like at one your daughters games as to avoid any big blowups or emotional exlosions.	labels:Oh that's a good idea - in public and not making a big deal about it - and before she moves teams and rumors get worse..
text:That is exactly right. Each person handles and avoids conflict differently and you have the important roll as leader in all of this. There is a chance he is not aware of the strain this has put on you emotionally and he could respond well to not being called out by someone else. Does that make sense?	labels:it does - but doesn't seem that he cares about my strain on my life since he's the one spreading such lies about me.  I just hate him!
text:I can understand how you would feel like he doesn't care about the strain it's placed. Can I ask, are your daughters aware or involved in these rumor's? This could make a difference in how you could respond.	labels:I did tell her because I was so mad when another mom told me.  She doesn't care.  She still likes the friend but not the dad..
text:Sounds like your daughter has a good head on her shoulders. Maybe there's something to be learned from her reaction to all of this. I understand how hard this has been for you so perhaps simply ignoring the rumors will allow you to heal quicker, by simply being the bigger person. Because rumors are just rumors, after all. You and your daughter know the truth and that's all that matters.	labels:yes you're right.  I will try to just ignore.  And figure out what to do with my anger over all this?  Maybe go for a run and also avoid him?
text:If he knows you know and you rise above with a smile on your face, that could show him that you are more mature than his childish games, and that you mean business. By taking ownership of your own feelings and emotions, you might find that will squash your need to let out any anger towards him.	labels:oh I like that and I am willing to try.  I am tired of wasting my energy being so angry at this man who like you said is jealous which is HIS problem and shouldn't be might, right?!
text:Exactly. Let his problems remain his. You worry about you and your daughter and he can watch from a distance confused at his failed attempt to reflect his own dissatisfaction with life onto you didn't work. I think you will feel freed of any stress this has caused.	labels:I really like that and I hope I'm able to do that!! Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?	labels:Hi! I have been feeling really sad the last couple of months!
text:I'm sorry to hear that! What do you think might be making you sad?	labels:I haven't been able to find a decent job in a long time! I have great credentials but i doesn't matter what I do I never get called back!
text:Have you had someone take a look at your resume? Sometimes employers have their systems set up to cue on special terms and buzzwords. A resume consultant might be able to help with that..	labels:I did it one time but it did not made a difference! I kept getting rejected from every company! It's like there is no place for me.
text:if you have the qualifications, I'm sure that there is a job out there for you. How big a geographical area are you searching in?	labels:I'm currently looking on the NYC area, because it's not an option to move out!
text:NYC probably has lots of jobs but it's probably also a competitive place, with lots of skilled workers. What kind of job are you looking for?	labels:I'm an Anaesthesiologist and i have a fellow on Regional Anaesthesia and Acute Pain Management.
text:Is it harder to find work because of the pandemic? This is an unusual situation for health care. Things might change for the labor market in the next few months..	labels:Yes i know it has been difficult for everyone! I try to calm down and tell to myself that this are hard time for all of us and that i just have to keep going forward.
text:Ok, how is your life going outside of the work search?.	labels:My wife and I have been arguing a lot, she's pregnant and that makes the whole situation more difficult.
text:That's a challenging situation for anyone!.	labels:Yes I know! We've been able to keep things going because i had some savings and she is currently working at home! But expenses keep summing up.
text:Is there temporary work that you might be able to do from home for the time being? It might not pay as well as medicine, but it could help with the bills..	labels:I haven't think about that option until now, I guess my mind was set on getting the job I've always dreamed of and didn't look at other options that might help my situation.
text:That's understandable. You've trained for a job and you want to get the job. I think that in the long term, you will be able to achieve that!	labels:I am! But for now I guess I will just focus on finding a job to help with the bill and keep trying as hard as I can to find a job on my field!
text:That's a great idea. I think that you can find something in the short-term. Companies are always looking for capable employees..	labels:You are completely right! You've been really helpful! I'm so glad i had this talk! I needed to vent and just have someone to listen to me!
text:I'm glad that I was able to help you! Have a great weekend, and best of luck with the job search..	labels:Thank you! Have a great weekend too! Thanks for your help!	episode_done:True
text:hi my name is Sarah, how are you feeling?	labels:I  been in lock down over a year , how you think I am feeling?
text:ah yes lockdown...I don't want to guess how you are feeling, can you explain how you are feeling please? I know I have been finding it really challenging.	labels:lets starts from chatting from scratch.
text:okay.	labels:you choose to help people like me  what is the secret ?
text:hmm I don't understand the question can you rephrase please? it sounds like you are asking why I want to help people?	labels:I have relation issue with a woman friend. yes yes that was the question.
text:I feel good helping others....and a lot of people have supported and helped me in my life, so it feels good to give back. what's happening with your woman friend?	labels:I probably in the near future will try to help people too.
text:I hope you will find it reward like i do. what is the issue with your woman friend, do you want to talk about it more?	labels:I live in Las Vegas NV USA which was real fun living there until a year ago when the lock down started.  it is  real depressing. ok you want to know what is the issue , well she never listen to my advise.
text:the lockdown has been depressing for me too, I can relate to how you are feeling.  We are coming out of it soon that's all that keeps me going. does she ask your advice?	labels:at one time it did not bothered me at all but now I started thinking about  it.
text:Does she ask you for advice or do you offer it without her asking?	labels:OH yeah lot of rules are lifted and will go back to normal. yes she asked me but when I went out of my way to help she never comply.
text:I see....so it sounds like she asked your advice, you gave her your advice, but she didn't follow it...	labels:ok we been together for almost 14 minutes another one minute will say goodbye.
text:Maybe she needs time to think over all of her options for herself, maybe it would help if you are patient while she does. ok.	labels:what else you have to do today besides  helping people?	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello, how are you feeling?	labels:I am okay. Thank you.
text:i'm okay too.	labels:Thats good. Do you have plans for the holidays?
text:not really, i will probably just relax. what about you?	labels:Just hanging out at home with my husband and son.
text:how's your relationship with your family?	labels:It is pretty good. We all get along good. No issues.
text:glad to hear so!.	labels:How is your relationship with your family?
text:it's overly alright but i don't really get along with my father.	labels:Oh i am sorry to hear that.
text:don't worry, it's okay i am used to it.	labels:Has the Pandemic affected your work life at all?
text:not really i've always worked from home. what about you ?	labels:Not me so much. Business was slow for quite a while because nobody was really working. But it affected my husband, because everytime anyone in our house got sick he had to leave work becase his work didnt allow anybody to be there if anybody in there household was sick. So he missed quite a bit of work.
text:that must have been really terrible, i hope you all are coping with that. how did that make you feel?	labels:It was nerve wracking because you never knew how long he was going to be out of work for. his work changed their policy about when he could come back everytime he was out.
text:just from talking to you i can see that it was very stressing for you. is he back to work yet?.	labels:oh yes it defintely was. he is out again because I just tested positive for COVID. So he will be out of work for two weeks.
text:is there any possibility of him getting a vaccine? he seems to be testing positive fairly often.	labels:He has never tested positive. I tested positive. Just anytime you get any kind of sickness his work makes you take time off just in case you have COVID. He has been tested 3 different times and it has always been negative.
text:oh sorry for misunderstanding you.	labels:Thats okay.
text:correct me if i'm wrong but sickness causes you nervousness?.	labels:most things cause me nervousness. i am a very anxious person. not sure why.
text:i am nervous at times too and i usually try to take a break and do something i find comfort in when i feel like that. i can't imagine how siffucult must be for you to feel like this often. i'm sure you will be able to find a way to relief your anxiety.	labels:Yea i try to do that too. Most times its playing a game on my tablet or phone or something. it is very difficult feelling like this all the time. I am trying to not let things stress me out as much.
text:playing on your tablet seems like a good way to releive your stresss, do you find it effective?.	labels:yes most of the time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:yea im good are u a pyschiratrist or something.
text:No, I'm just a mturk worker but I'm completely willing to talk to you about stuff. Is there anything you had in mind?	labels:i have things about overthinking about my past sometimes she flashes on and off through my mind when some of my collegues express their feelings of emotions through their relationships.
text:Is there someone in your past that weighs on your mind?	labels:The feelings i put for her the emotions its all gone for waste, she was my first love though.
text:Going through a romantic loss can be a lot to process. You will be able to let go some day.	labels:yea i ve watched a lot of motivation to help me relax my self , and i ve heard a lot of people say good things to me , my friends and family :) as time passes ill get much better i guess soo.
text:It is definitely helpful to reach out. You got people that like you.	labels:Yea the only people around is the only valubale thing to u in this world. Do i have to keep talking  about my feelings to you ? i can trust you right :)
text:Definitely keep  talking to those people because that's gonna help a ton. Yeah you can trust me :) I think we have a bit more to go..	labels:hmmm great!!!  i like you a lot so how do i avoid falling for the wrong one.
text:Take things easy and don't worry too much about it, because things will fall in to place naturally if it is a good fit..	labels:yea thank you so much. Have u ever fallen in love ?
text:Yes I have a few times, and even though it hurts sometimes it is generally worth the risk.	labels:you must have gone through a lot i see , yea its worth the risk but also they away all that u have tooo :(	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How's it going? How can I help you today?.	labels:Hi. It has been better..
text:We all have those days :/ what's bothering you?.	labels:I can't seem to get motivated.
text:It sounds like your having trouble giving yourself that little push to get the wheels turning. I've totally been there. What do you feel is the reason?.	labels:I don't feel like it is worth it.
text:I understand, I've been there before. You just have to take one step at a time and not overwhelm yourself . Have you tried any tools to help you get going?.	labels:What kind of tools would you suggest?
text:What I find that works is to make out a list of all the things you want to accomplish and the possible steps you need to get there. It also helps to let someone know how you feel like a friend or relative, you would be surprised that being open with people can open up new doors in life..	labels:I can talk to my friends sometimes. I have big goals but can't seem to get little things right.
text:You feel like your friends don't listen or care? And trust me you are not alone. I am going through that as well. I messed up so you can say, but as time went on I realized that I can't live like how I was living anymore and I SLOWLY moved towards my goals. I just graduated phlebotomy school for example.. What are your goals?.	labels:Wow that's amazing. I want to start my own business but I have no money to start with.
text:Thank you! Yeah money is tight these days especially with the pandemic going on. If your business has a good idea there are many venture capitalist that are willing to invest in your idea. You can search for websites and pitch it to them. But don't let anyone stop you, you can do it!. Or even search for people in different forums with the same ideas as you, you guys can collaborate and possibly bounce your ideas off each other.. There are also loans you can get from the bank. Don't get discouraged. It's never too late..	labels:That is a great suggestion. What else do you know? THank you for the encouragement by the way.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing?	labels:Well, my fiance and I "sort of" broke up recently. I moved out of our place and all, but we continued to see each other at least 3X per week. And we both said we're not 100% sure that we're ok with us being done for good. - We promised to tell each other if we start dating anyone. He said he wasn't interested in dating. Three days after that conversation, I come over unexpectedly to find him making dinner for a woman I've never seen before. Turns out it was his 3rd date with her. He met her on a dating app a week before our conversation about promising to tell each other if we start dating others.
text:I'm so sorry that happened. Are you mostly hurt because he didn't tell you he was seeing somebody else?	labels:To be honest, I'd still be hurt if he told me. But now on top of that hurt, I feel disrespected... and everything I thought I knew about him is kind of crushed. We were together 6 years, and I always, ALWAYS believed he was the most honest, kind, "stand up guy" I've  ever known.
text:You must feel really torn up about it. I can tell that you care about your relationship..	labels:Yes, that's true. The worst part is that he doesn't seem to think I have a right to be hurt. How do I even deal with someone who hurt me but doesn't care to take any responsibility whatsoever?
text:Maybe he didn't intend to hurt you. Its not like he invited you over to tease you. It is true that he didn't keep his promise, and that's his fault..	labels:That's true. He didn't invite me over. I expected him to be at work that night. I was coming over to see our cats, which still all lived with him. I still had a key and it didn't occur to me that I could invade his privacy since I had been spending 3X a week with him, and he was fine with me using the key. The whole thing was a shock. I wouldn't have come in had I known what I'd find inside.
text:That would definitely add to the distress of the situation to have a weird surprise like that. It doesn't really seem like your fault that you were there but it is unfortunate nonetheless. Have you tried talking to him yet?	labels:Yeah. It's a long story to explain here, but at first he told me it was a first date... then he said it was a second date... then finally he said it was a third date. I had to figure out on my own that he met her through a dating app, which makes me feel extra icky because now I kind of feel like a stalker. (Don't worry, I didn't do anything illegal or immoral to figure this out at all. He left an easy breadcrumb trail for me to follow.... but it still feels gross that I felt compelled to research the situation because I could "feel" he was lying.)
text:That's ok, you have a vested interest in this person. It is natural to be interested in such things..	labels:Yes. I'm not only invested in him. I have a SUPER close relationship with his two daughters. Some of the reason he wanted to see me after our "break up" is because he didn't want to tell his daughters that I might be out of their lives forever. He told me so much. And I love those girls so much. They're 13 and 16. They were 7 and 11 when I started seeing their dad.
text:There are a lot of therapists out there that might be able to help you navigate this. It's OK to get some outside help..	labels:That's a good suggestion. I think individual therapy might benefit me. I could ask him if he's open to couple's counseling--even if it's over, it could help with closure.
text:Considering how much time you've put in to this relationship, I can tell you have a lot of feelings about all of this.	labels:I do. I appreciate your talking the time to listen to me. Sometimes just talking about an issue can help organize one's feelings and thoughts.
text:Really, it is no problem. It helps to let it out sometimes, I feel that. Make sure you take care of your own needs before starting to smooth things over.	labels:That is good advice. I haven't been eating or sleeping as well as I should since this all started. I'll work on that. --- Thank you so much for your time and help and kindness. :) I wish you a great weekend!
text:Thanks and you too, stay strong!	labels:Thank you!!! Take good care, stranger. I sincerely wish you the very best. <3.	episode_done:True
text:Hello? Is anyone there? Is anyone there. HELLO? no one is supporting me here. ::twiddles thumbs:: the instructions for the support seeker are incorrect as there is no button that has shown for "the partner's reasons". the supporter did not respond. This test is skewed. No one is here to chat with. even after being matched. Ridiculous. hello????? hello? no other messages except my own are showing up.\nSorry, I had a bad connection. Hello, what can I help you with?	labels:Hi. i wasn't sure anyone was there. i left my job about three months after 8 years. haven't found another one. trying to find one has been challenging.
text:Just be clear, you're worried about finding a new job?	labels:well, yeah. in the middle of a pandemic, and being in a new town. all of that has been really hard. and stressful.
text:That is a difficult position to be in. It is a hard time, but there's always a way to persevere..	labels:yeah... i don't know ... i'm not sleeping well because i'm so worried.
text:I could imagine that being a constant worry. I understand how you may feel.	labels:thanks for trying to understand. it just seems pretty hopeless.
text:No problem. I am encountering a similar situation, looking for a well suited job. Have you tried looking in to new career fields that have always interested you?	labels:Yeah, I am looking in a variety of fields. not much out there that is remote.
text:There are a lot of jobs in technology where the only requirement is learning a few courses, such as programming..	labels:that would be cool.  i really enjoy tech.
text:It would be nice to work in a field that you also enjoy!	labels:yes it would. just don't have much energy to keep turning in cover letters and resumes.
text:It can seem hopeless right now, but think about how you felt when you were in a better position.	labels:yah thats true. you have any ideas on how to be less anxious.
text:That helps me balance things out in my head sometimes. Sometimes we get stuck. It happens..	labels:yeah, stuck is a good description.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!	labels:Hello, how are you?
text:I am doing great, how about you?	labels:I am doing good. Can I talk to you about something?
text:Of course you can, tell me about it :)	labels:I am worried that I won't be able to complete my degree.
text:Why so?	labels:I can't get motivated, it doesn't seem worth it.
text:Hey I've been there too, but it really helped me meditating and going out with nature to clear my mind of things. You should try it!	labels:What do you meditate about?
text:Nothing special, just sit in my room in silence. Listen to tutorials on youtube to meditate. They get me relaxed and motivated for the day :)	labels:I feel like I would sit there and worry about things I have not done yet.
text:That's part of meditation! I too worry while meditating, but when i'm listening to the videos and following instructions all those worries go away :) If that doesn't help you, you can go out in nature to clear your mind off things. Being in the wild really motivates me to continue..	labels:Maybe it will calm me down. Does it make it easier to concentrate?
text:Meditating absolutely does since the whole point is to clear your mind off things and concentrate on the task ahead.And the wild? that's whole other experience because you either concentrate on things or you get mesmerized by nature :)	labels:That sounds amazing, I should give it a try :)
text:Please do! You can try it with friends or alone. With friends can be a more fun experience while alone can be more spiritual or calming. I have tried both and both are amazing :)	labels:I would like to experience that. It sounds amazing.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I am looking for some support, would you be able to help me?\nHiHow may I help you today?	labels:Hi there. It would be nice if I could discuss something with you.
text:sure! you can discuss. that's why I am here for.	labels:Thank you! This is about a past situation. I once had a large tight knit group of friends. But there was a lot of fighting from some of them. I didn't like it.
text:You had so many friends in past, now you had fight with them. Hope I get it right.	labels:Yea kind of. They sort of drifted away. I was breaking up the fights really. I guess they weren't that good of friends to begin with...
text:Sorry for poor internet connection.	labels:THat is ok. What do you have to say?
text:It must be tough time for you. Things keeps on changing. there may be some sort of misunderstanding.	labels:It has been tough.
text:I can feel how bad or lonely  you might be. It must be a stressful.	labels:There's always ways to get over it but it is hard not to care.
text:When I have fight with friends, I try to clarify the things I where I went wrong or they made mistakes.	labels:It would be nice to get something going where people could apologize.
text:From past I have learnt that, friendship should be very transparent. There should be any space for thank you and sorry. It should be straight forward. If my friends doesn't like anything which I did, she should say that straight to me. I should respect her saying. Then it stays there for ever.	labels:That's a nice personal anecdote. I should try to initiate contact at some point. I feel like most people are shunning each other.
text:Yes, I would say that is human nature. Only thing is to do self realization..	labels:Thank you.
text:You are most welcome! it you are feeling much better now. Is there anything else that I can help you with?	labels:No that was helpful, I appreciate it.	episode_done:True
text:im depressed and angry.\nwhy would you say that?	labels:i really want a drink.
text:is there anything I can help you with?	labels:i'm an alcoholic.
text:do you think a drink will help you?	labels:Just had a stressful day. depressed because if i go get a beer i wont stop. no i guess it wouldnt.. it still sucks. i want to be normal lol. i get that thought in my head and its like i become obsessed.
text:why not try to put attention in some other things instead of a beer.	labels:hmmm like what?
text:its only in your mind.	labels:i hate my mind.
text:like working out? it will give you a lot of benefits especially with your health. you can do it!	labels:i actually was thinking of starting again. i did about 15 min this morning. i used to workout like 2 hours a day lol. thank you.
text:oh that's nice. youre welcome!	labels:i actually just switched from beachbody to les mills. i got bored with beachb body workouts lol. having something different is nice.
text:of course you can try different things.	labels:i got on a sweet tooth. which i'm mad at myself for lol. i sued to never eat candy and junk food. the past few weeks...ugh.
text:just do it with moderation, don't be mad at youself.	labels:ive always been really hard on myself, i dont know why.
text:we all want to eat sweets.	labels:lol.
text:no, don't be like that you know you have to love youself.	labels:maybe i should make some tea tonight. i knowi have to love myself. i just cant figure out how lol.
text:hope I help you somehow.	labels:honestly it was good getting stuff off my chest. i appreciate you listening.
text:of course, just be confident of yourself and most of all appreciate yourself, I think it will help.	labels:Thank you. That is good advice. I appreciate it, and I hope you haave a good evening or night, wherever you are :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are things with you today?	labels:Hey, I'm doing well, how are you?
text:I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to discuss with me today?	labels:Yes, I am looking for emotional support. I need to find a higher paying job.
text:Are you not happy in your current job? It's a bad time to be job hunting really..	labels:I was unemployed all year but that is no longer an option.
text:What sort of work are you looking for? Would you be prepared to take something outside of your usual field?	labels:I want to do avoid labor jobs as I have other talents, but I'm not totally against it..
text:Sometimes it is necessary to take a temporary job that you don't really like just to make ends meet alas..	labels:Yea, but I worry that it will be a waste a time that could have been spent towards building a career.
text:Well true but if there's no work out there that will help build your career you kind of don't have much choice ;).	labels:Perhaps I should focus on what would be most fun to do..
text:Have you thought of taking some sort of refresher or training course? There are quite a few available..	labels:What would you recommend?.
text:Hmmm well how are your computing skills? That's a great field to be in at the moment.	labels:I am good with computers but not fluent in any programming languages.
text:Well that would be an interesting thing to learn don't you think? Though I don't know much about them myself I must admit..	labels:It would take a lot of effort on the front end before you ever got paid.
text:It would but if you've nothing better to do due to the pandemic it might be worth it. Have you considered registering with employment agencies for temp work?	labels:It would be nice to have something reliable long term, but I have done temp work in the past.
text:Me too. It can be a bit soulless but it does pay the bills when you don't have anything else to do.. Anyway I hope that I have been able to help you a little and that you are feeling a little more positive about things?	labels:Absolutely. It is encouraging to know that I can get out there and work for anyone.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?	labels:Hi - I'm sorry. I stepped away from the computer for a moment while waiting....
text:That's quite all right. The wait times can be a bit long. How are you?	labels:Well, my manager has decided that everyone in the office will continue to work from after the pandemic is under control. But I've found myself depressed from working from home all the time.
text:Working from home is not what people expected. Many have found themselves isolated. They miss the interaction of the office. How long have you bee working from home?	labels:For a full year--since March 2020, when the pandemic first started. I was working from home just 1 day per week prior to that, which I liked. But I've found that 5 days per week is much too much. I miss people. :(.
text:Have you and your co-workers talked to your boss about a hybrid schedule, maybe a couple days a week in the office? That might work..	labels:That's where it gets awkward. It seems like everyone besides me are super happy that we'll continue working from home. I hesitate to share my feelings because maybe my manager will change her mind, which would be a big bummer for everyone else on the team (seemingly).
text:I see. That's a concern. So you feel that if one person goes in to the office, then everyone else will have to? There won't be any flexibility?	labels:Well, it's possible that my manager will say we can be flexible. But if so, I think I'd end up being the only one in my office working... which would be just as lonely as working from home while throwing away the few perks of working from home, like saving on gas. Plus, I think my company will probably want to repurpose our office space eventually. lol, sorry, that was an ugly run-on sentence. :\
text:Hm. A bit of a dilemma. Can this situation go on forever though? Maybe the boss will extend the stay-at-home for a while, but when other companies go back to the office, the expectation will be there for all companies. Other employees might change their minds bit by bit as well..	labels:That is indeed a possibility. But my office is in a city that has a whole lot of high-tech companies, which were moving towards doing more work from home even BEFORE the pandemic. So it kind of feels like this might be a "cultural shift" in my area in general. Although there has GOT to be a whole lot of other people who feel like I do. Maybe we should start our own company, lol.
text:True. I don't think you are alone. Is there something that you can do to make working at home better for you? More frequent breaks? Better work space?	labels:That's a good question. My state is still one of the ones that's mostly shut-down. Part of my depression surely stems from the fact that all evening/weekend activities ended a year ago as well.
text:True. It might be easier to work at home when you have a chance to get out of the house during your free time..	labels:That's true. And your suggestion of improving my work space is a good one. I've been working in a modified walk-in closet. I've tried to make it inviting, but there are no windows/etc.... it's kind of a dark cave.
text:Most people didn't plan for the long term because nobody thought that this was a sustainable way to work. By the way, if your company wants you to stay home, then it might help buy the equipment you need to be productive..	labels:That's a good thought. My computer is set-up on a folding card table. (I tried finding a desk a while back, but there was a huge shortage since everyone suddenly had to buy them for themselves, kids, etc.). I hadn't thought of asking my company to buy me one. Plus a more comfy chair could improve my attitude.
text:I think if you talk to your co-workers, they'll have ideas for upgrading your workspace..	labels:That's a great idea. Maybe I should set-up a "virtual happy hour" where we can exchanged the tips/tricks we've learned to make working from home more enjoyable this past year.
text:I think that's a great idea! People probably want to connect without having to talk about work. Later on, they might want to do the same thing but face-to-face..	labels:You're right! Well, thank you so much for your help.... and you TRULY did help me put this all into perspective. Sincerely, thanks! :)
text:Sure! My pleasure. Best of luck with all that! Have a great weekend!	labels:Thanks! You too! Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?	labels:hi. i dont feel too well. I lost my job 6 months ago and i am not ablle to find work.
text:Oh wow I am sorry to hear that - it is a bad time to be out of work isn't it?	labels:yes it is a horrible time. I dont know what to do and i dont have a lot of support and my rent is due for over 2 months.
text:There are organisations out there who can help due to the exceptional circumstances .. do you have anyone helping you?	labels:i dont have anyone helping me and i am new to this city so i dont know who to turn to.
text:Hmm, could you google for local organisations such as Citizen's Advice? I have found them very useful personally..	labels:i have neve rheard of them but i will google them up.
text:They provided me with loads of helpful advice and other people to get in touch with. Also, have you considered using a food bank?	labels:i did look up food bank, but there is none located where i live but i might be able to drive to the nearest one outside the city.
text:There are religious organisations that can sometimes help too and would not expect you to be of their religion.	labels:that sounds super helpful. I can check them out as well. I also dont know if iam applying to the right jobs. It makes me so sad to be rejected every week.
text:Try not to worry about it - it is not just you. The job market is awful right now but it will pick up again!	labels:what else can you recommend.
text:Are you eligible for unemployment benefits?	labels:no because I didnt lose my job coz of covid. is there anything else i can apply for.
text:But surely you should be eligible anyway, unless you just walked out.	labels:I have chronic health issues so i was let go. do you have any other suggestions.
text:Wow that is really not fair of them! I think you have grounds for legal action there.	labels:i actually am considering that.
text:You really should - nobody has the right to dismiss you due to your health problems, that is totally outrageous.. I realise the prospect of legal action can be daunting and potentially expensive but you should be able to get legal aid and it sounds as though you really have been badly treated here..	labels:how can  start this priocess of a law suit.
text:You'd need to get legal aid. Try and find a solicitor who works pro bono.. Anyway I hope that I have been able to give you some help and guidance and that things look up for you in the very near future! Try to hang in there..	labels:i will try that. you have been super helpful . i will also google the location of food baank todaY.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?	labels:I am sad since my friends are going out tonight without me.
text:That's too bad. Did they not invite you? Where are they going?	labels:They are going to the bar. No they didn't invite me. I am not sure why.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a falling-out?.. The pandemic has been hard on many people. I figure many friendships are going through a rough patch, eh.	labels:Not that I can think of. We haven't talked much this week since school took up all of my time. Papers due and all that jazz.
text:A busy time of the semester. How's school going for you?.	labels:Not bad. It is a touch harder than I thought but I am passing and that is all that matters. Thank you for asking.
text:School's going well enough for you. You'd like to re-establish ties with your friends. Do you do other stuff with them besides going to bars?	labels:We'll grab a coffee in the middle of the day if our schedules line up. Happens once or twice a week.
text:That sounds like a good opportunity to see which way the wind is blowing, so to speak. Maybe you can feel them out to get a sense of what might be wrong?	labels:Yeah that's a good idea. Open up some line of communication to see what is happening.
text:Coffee is casual, but people open up when they're drinking. That'll loosen their tongues..	labels:Loosen them if they don't burn them by accident first! lol.
text:Don't take it personally. It's just one trip to a bar. There might be something else going on that you don't know about. Don't jump to conclusion. If they keep snubbing you, then you need to worry a bit.	labels:True. I do tend to jump to conclusions. Probably was some kind of misunderstanding. I will reach out to them on Sunday when I wish them a happy Easter to see if we can set up something during the week next week.
text:That's a swell idea! Easter is a day of redemption and forgiveness. Maybe invite them over and have some Easter ham and Easter wine.	labels:I am having Easter with the family so I can't do that but good idea otherwise. Thank you for your help. You did a great job. You are good at this!
text:I've had a bit of Easter wine this evening. Easter drinking starts on Friday. Puts the "good" in "Good Friday.".	labels:Yes it is good Friday. Thank you again and Happy Easter!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling today?	labels:Hello. I have a big paper due on Monday and I have anxiety over it since I didn't start it yet.
text:Okay, I know the feeling! Can you at least make a start tonight? That will make you feel better..	labels:That would make me feel better but I am going out drinking tonight with my college pals.
text:Naughty! Though I must admit I understand that feeling too ;) Could you not at least rattle out a few paragraphs before you go?	labels:That seems feasible. Figuring I had time to come on here and try to make some beer money first.
text:And try not to overdo it or you won't be able to work tomorrow either and then you'll really be in trouble. Have you at least done some groundwork for the paper even if you've not started writing it yet?	labels:I have read some source materials. Outlined some stuff in my head. Nothing down on paper yet. Yeah I am not planning on getting blackout drunk.
text:Well at least you can continue mentally preparing for it when you are out tonight. Nobody ever INTENDS to get blackout drunk :D.	labels:Sometimes I intend to, but that is a different story. Yeah I could maybe get some ideas from friends too.
text:And you never know, you might get a creative burst when you get back and rattle it off in one..	labels:Alcohol can make people creative. That's for sure.
text:Oh yeah. Follow it up with a smoke and you'll be a regular Shakespeare. He was probably half cut all the time too..	labels:YEah or had some good mushrooms. I've been wanting to try shrooms just don. 't have a good source.
text:i live in a rural area with lots of forests :P.	labels:I've thought about growing my own but can't do that in the dorms....too risky.
text:Hmph I am not a very good counsellor am I? I should be telling you to stay in and work. But hey, life is short and beer is good..	labels:You gave some good advice . Nothing wrong with a little side chat to prove we are human.
text:Of course :). Hmm it's been many years since I was in Uni. Too many..	labels:Probably not too much has changed besides the cost. But that's a whole different story about anxiety. Luckily I am going for engineering and have a half of a chance to get a job once I graduate next year.
text:Ah it's a good field to be in. Do you suffer from anxiety generally or is it just over this paper?	labels:Generally but it flairs up more around due dates naturally.
text:and exams too I will bet. Does your school offer any free counselling?	labels:Yeah I never looked into it though. I probably should. Good idea.
text:I wish you all the best with it and thanks for talking! Do enjoy your night out and don't overdo it ;)	labels:Thank you for the help. I am going to start writing some paragraphs now!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Thank you for joining the peer support session. How can I be of help today?	labels:I broke up with my girlfriend since we didnt have chemistry and now I feel alone.
text:I am sorry to hear that. It must be even more difficult in a pandemic time. When did this happen? If you don't mind telling me more about it.	labels:This happened a month or so ago.
text:How are you doing recently? Do you have any coping mechanism that you can share with me? I can lend you an ear.	labels:I'm lonely and bored. Feel like there is nothing to do by myself. I play video games to cope.
text:I went through the same process. I understand what you are feeling. I am glad that you are on Mechanical Turk and interacting with people. Which area do you live in? It is springtime and pretty outside. Have you thought about walking more walks?	labels:Talking a walk is a good idea. Unfortunately it is cold today but tomorrow it is supposed to be nicer. *taking.
text:Yeah, I like to clear my head by taking a walk. I know it is a temporary relief, but it helps regulate my mood. Do you live with people, do you have conversation with people regularly?.	labels:No I live alone. I don't like the people at work either so I don't talk to them. Every now and then I talk to a friend via text, I see my family rarely but will see them this weekend due to the holiday.
text:It sounds like you know what you are doing and you have a support system of your choice. Do you share stories like breaking up with girlfriend with them?	labels:I share a little but don't want to burden anyone with my issues.
text:I have the same tendency. I don't feel comfortable imposing my struggle and my thoughts with people. I would personally recommend you sharing a little bit more with family during Easter. It doesn't have to be the intimate details of the breakup, it can be generic feeling, like loneliness.	labels:Thank you for listening and giving good advice. You are really good at giving support!
text:I am glad that you find it helpful. I wish I can be around to hear more about it..	labels:That's sweet of you to say that.
text:I hope you all the best..	labels:THank you . You too. Good luck with what you do. Are you a professional support person?
text:No. I actually recommend a book called It is ok that you are not OK. It helped me personally and makes me a more emotionally intelligent person.	labels:I will look for that book. Thank you for the recommendation.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi, how are you doing?	labels:oh i am totally pissed off at my friend. he is an intelligent person....and was (is?) a close friend...but...he became an antivaxxer....critical of me for wanting a covid vaccine. it became unbearable....i got so mad i just cut off communication....i don't understand his pushiness.
text:Oh that's not good. Has he been putting pressure on you not to get the vaccine?.	labels:yes. i said "lets agree to disagree" but he could not accept that. it's like he felt it was his duty to "save me" i feel disrespected, basically.
text:I know it can be really frustrating. I 've had a friend like that before. Would cutting him out of your life make you more upset?.	labels:i'm not sure...but i have...and i miss him!
text:Or would you like to continue the relationship, but maybe not now? I think that's something you need to think about.. I mean he sounds kind of important to you that it's making you feel like this..	labels:i think maybe once covid blows over things might get back to where they were, i think that's what i want. but part of me is just hurt and doesn't want something like this to happen again with him. he is important to me, yes. we have been friends for 20 years, he's one of my oldest friends.
text:I really understand how you feel. Honestly the best thing I did was cool off a little and think how I want to take this friendship forward..	labels:you had a friend like this before you say?  how did you deal with it? as in what was the end result for you both, in your case? just curious. i may email him but i'm not sure....i don't want it to end up being an argument, i don't have the mental energy for that...(covid situation has left me mentally depleted)
text:So I cut it off completely because she was starting to be destructive. She called me selfish because I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. We met up and talked about it, but she was out of hand and I quit the friendship.   . But I think the best thing is to have some time alone and think about it..	labels:that's interesting....another covid-induced conflict.
text:I know right.	labels:i like your idea of taking some time...that seems like a sensible path forward.
text:Think about all the good and bad stuff that has happened between you two and see if it's worth keeping this friendship.. Don't really let your emotions take over. Think logically with a clear head..	labels:hmmm yes....maybe I will journal about it to get my thoughts clear. okay.
text:I hope this helped. You guys may see each other and forget all about it. Laugh about it later..	labels:i can't figure out if covid has brought people together or torn them apart, honestly. lol i hope you're right.
text:I think it has been tearing people apart because of everyone's different beliefs..	labels:covid seems to have brought out a lot of strong feelings in some people. i tend to think you are right....but early on people were rallying together it seemed....but that didn't last long.
text:I also think staying in the house too long has really made us bored and tired and kind of out of our minds lol..	labels:maybe by fall society will become more cohesive again, what do you think? hahaha yes totally.
text:I hope so. I'm starting kind of a new life and I want to get on with it.. I think we all want to get on with our lives.	labels:oh really? what kind of a new life?
text:I'm really happy you are getting the vaccine. I just got mine yesterday..	labels:i need a vaccine...then i can restart my old life. wooohoooooooo congrats!!! any side effects? which did you get?
text:I just graduated, I'm going to Grad school in the fall and getting married. That's my life : ) Ok so I was sore and kind of sick..	labels:wow lots of exciting things!   which vaccine did you end up getting? i'm expecting mine within the next couple of weeks, can't wait.
text:I got pfizer which is the best from what I know. That and Moderna. Don't get any other kind..	labels:oh i won't....astrazenca became available for 55 plus yesterday....NO THANKS.
text:If you're not afraid of needles go do it! I really encourage it!. Just have a lazy day afterwards with some warm soup and Netflix..	labels:well thank you for talking with me....you cheered me up and helped me put my friend situation into perspective....i'll take some time like you suggested to asses my friendship. i don't mind needles...don't even care if i have a fever for a week...all totally worth it :)
text:No problem. It was very nice talking to you. And I hope you're situation with your friend has a happy ending.. Oh I agree : )	labels:congrats on your upcoming marriage and i wish you both every happines.   Cheers.....bye.	episode_done:True
text:hi there my name is Lisa...how are you feeling today?	labels:Honestly, it's getting to me, COVID-19, not being able to leave my house safely, having a medical issue that puts me at higher risk.
text:i can totally relate to that, I am feeling the same way. how long have you been feeling this way?	labels:I don't know what to do with myself. A year. I haven't left my house once.
text:so it sounds like you are feeling cooped up and not knowing what to do, am i right?	labels:Yes, it's more than that.
text:can you tell me more?	labels:I'm in this house, and scared. Nothing is getting better for me or anyone else I know.
text:may I ask where you are located?	labels:In Mass.
text:it's normal to feel scared.  Of course it being normal doesn't make it any better... can you get out for walks?	labels:I live in such a populous area, I am afraid to. Especially with warmer temperatures coming..
text:i see.  are you saying your sidewalks are too busy to be able to social distance properly? i find getting out for walks is helpful.  i live downtown in a small city.   i wear a mask while I walk and veer onto the grass, into the bike lane or whatnot if someone comes...or I look ahead and cross the street if it's convenient...that makes me feel safer when i walk.  i have a medical condition too.	labels:I just wish I could do that.
text:what is it that is stopping you, are the sidewalks too crowded? without my walks I'd go crazy...it's my daily stress reliever....i am at home 23 hours a day. are you planning to get a vaccine and if so do you know how long you have to wait? i agree with you it's a scary time...but things will get batter....the more people get vaccinnes, the better things will get for all of us. are you still there?	labels:I am here. Just sad.
text:so if I understand you correctly, being stuck at home for a whole year is making you feel very sad.   Do you connect with people by telephone, zoom, online, email and so on?  It's important to connect as often as you can with people you care about.	labels:I do sometimes.
text:do you have a back yard or a patio you can go out on, which might be less scary than going for a walk?  Sometimes just the fresh air on my face is a relief.	labels:I do sometimes each my lunch in the yard.
text:thats good you are connecting with people, and have lunch outdoors.	labels:Thanks. It feels good.
text:those are both important strategies for your low mood, keep it up.	labels:Thanks so much for talking things through with me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I wanted to talk about my academic pressures.\nHi there. What academic pressures are troubling you today?	labels:Just lots of classes and expectations. Especially with group projects. Needed someone  talk to about my stress and workload. I don't know what to do with these horrible group members.
text:I see. It sounds like being in the group project is especially stressing you out. Would you say that's pretty true?	labels:Yes. I have roughly 3 different classes all requiring a group project.
text:I totally understand. When I was in school I remember being stressed out when we had mandatory group projects as well. Having to deal with others can be a bit stressful at times.	labels:I agree. I also just don't know which project to proritize.
text:I hear you, it sounds like you have a lot going on.	labels:Yep.. What should I do to relax my mind?
text:Have you thought about seeking advice from a close friend or family member?.	labels:Not yet, I am scared to tell my family, considering that they view academic success heavily. With friends, most are busy with their own struggles and I don't want to be bothering them as much.
text:I see, it sounds like you are dealing with your academic pressures all on your own right now then?	labels:Totally. Feels pretty tiring and heavy.
text:Is there possibly a school councilor you could seek advice from?	labels:Maybe, but it feels scary and very awkward to seek them.
text:I hear you, it's definitely not for everyone..	labels:thank you for understanding and talking with me.
text:Of course! We all need an ear to listen once in a while :)	labels:It really helps to get this off my chest.
text:I'm so happy to hear that, it sounds like this was something building up. It's always good to let things out in one way or another.	labels:ya it does help.
text:Is there anything else you would like to talk about today?	labels:Nothing really. Thanks for the conversation!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today?	labels:Hello. I recently broke up with my boyfriend. We'd were together for 5 years.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. That can be a really hard time and problem to navigate. Five years is a really long time too.	labels:It was unexpected and sudden. I found out he was cheating on me.
text:That is a horrible shock to hear something like that. I  thank you for expressing yourself today it can be hard to share a disappointment..	labels:I am really strict about lies and he broke my trust, so I felt like I had to break-up with him.
text:You have good instincts when you can face a situation and make a judgment and decision..	labels:I feel like that's true but I miss him so much. Five years is a lot to just throw away.
text:Yes, you can feel like you have invested a lot after 5 years. I can imagine you have a lot of the same friends and that can be hard too.	labels:We also have two dogs and own a house together. I just don't know what to do.
text:I can relate to on that level. When I went through a divorce I had to part with my house and pets. I went to live in an apartment and met a really nice guy next door and wound up marrying him. There can be light at the end of the tunnel.	labels:I guess... I'm just not sure how to get to the light from where I am right now. I'm just so angry.
text:Being anger is valid and you have every right to be mad. You have been betrayed and have to work through problems that you didn't create. Do you have any close friends you can confide in sometimes?	labels:I do, her name is Ann-Marie and she's wonderful.
text:That is fortunate and reflects what a good person that you are to have developed a close friend that you can trust. Maybe she could be your support when the evening and weekends get hard for you?	labels:That's a wonderful idea. I will definitely do that.
text:If you are interested in religion often times they have local support groups to join as well.	labels:I'm not religious at all.
text:Okay, an alternative is joining a local group that meets up for exercise in the park. Just an idea.	labels:I have found that I have been focusing on my own health a lot more lately.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:I am OK but I have been struggling since my friend's are Trump supporters and that goes against my Morals.
text:I understand how your friend's supporting Trump is against your morals. Have you talked to them about it?	labels:Yes. They refuse to change.
text:I've been in a similar situation and have dealt with friend's that support values that I don't.	labels:How did you deal with it?
text:The friends that you can still have a dialogue with are worth talking to. I suggest friends that don't understand how you feel you stop talking to since they hurt you.	labels:Yeah I have cut out some friends already. Maybe I should try talking to the more reasonable ones.
text:It can be really hard to do , talking to them but I believe in you, you can do it!	labels:Thank you for the support. It will help me.
text:Do you think you will be able to do this soon? Lets set a time frame for this goal.	labels:Maybe. Paul is usually hard to get a hold of so it might take a couple of weeks.
text:I understand it can be tough to get a hold of friends..	labels:Yeah, Paul is aloof like that. But realistically maybe in the next few weeks I can have a good conversation with him.
text:I would suggest meeting somewhere that you both enjoy. Maybe grab a burger and beer if that is your type of thing.	labels:That's a great idea. It could make things less tense.
text:I've done something similar myself. A friend and I used to go to this one restaurant and I used that a meeting place for tough conversations.	labels:Paul really likes IPA's so a brewery would probably be a good spot.
text:That does sound like a good idea.	labels:Thank you for the help today. I think I have a good plan on how to handle this now with Paul.
text:You're welcome. Hope you have a wonderful day.	labels:You too.
text:Just remember I think you can do it. Have confidence in yourself.	labels:Thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi! Hope you are doing well.	labels:thankyou but i am not.
text:How may I help you today?	labels:i am so depressed...this covid isolation is really getting to me...i don't know what to do. i have trouble getting motivated to do basic things like cooking.
text:You are depressed because you cannot meet anyone  due to COVID. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:yes i miss my friends and my normal activities.   But also the stress of this whole covid situation i think is also getting me down.  Even though i know we are in the final lap. i feel so sad and down, do you ever feel like that since covid started?
text:The situation is really hard and depressing. As a human being we need people around us to share and care..	labels:yes...i do stuff like email phone and zoom but it just doesn't cut it, you know?   i didn't realise how much i need people until this happened.
text:I can see very clearly that how much you are missing your friends. Time doesn't stay same. When.	labels:i am not sure what to do to help my low mood.
text:I feel alone I try to engage myself in doing gardening or yoga. It helps me  a lot. You can do face time with your friend plan some virtual party..	labels:i have tried yoga and don't like it.   I don't have a garden but i do really enjoy and appreciate my houseplants. i don't feel comfortable on video, i don't know why, but that is a good suggestion.
text:If we thing more about the current depressing situation, it drag us more into it. Better to give less attention to it.	labels:so try to find things to keep busy and distracted then? . and not think about this stupid pandemic more than i have to?
text:yes! you can do face time, Share jokes and any fun moment of past..	labels:i like the idea of sharing jokes.  humour definitely helps, i try to watch funny stuff on tv.
text:You should give less attention to it. and engage yourself in the activities that you enjoy.	labels:ok that's good advice....thankyou...and it just helps having you listen. i have to go. thankyou for your help, i really appreciate your ideas and support.
text:You can go out for a walk with precaution or you can spend sometime in your backyard.	labels:walks help for sure!
text:stay safe and have a wonderful time.	labels:thankyou you stay safe too. bye.
text:bye.	labels:actually. i forgot to ask, how long have you been gardening?  and what is it about gardening that helps you do you think? did i lose you.
text:gardening is my passion. I am doing it when I was 5. It makes me calm and relaxed. You can try it. Seeing plants growing is like seeing a new life to grow.	labels:i live in an apartment so i don't have a place to garden...but i get a lot of pleasure from my houseplants. i think it's seeing nature....i also feel better when i walk in the nearby park...it's the birds and trees...they help my low mood. but sometimes i am just too low to get started a walk! i will be getting a vaccine soon and i think seeing people again will help me...do you hve your vaccine yet?
text:In apartment you house plants are great option. I love walking to. It is a great stress reliever.	labels:once i have a vaccine i can walk with friends again...go for coffee with friends...go to the store....etc....things will get easier. but we have had to be so patient for so long, all of us.
text:After vaccine we should still take precautions by putting mask on to stay safe and keep other safe.	labels:yes this is true. but the fear will be gone.
text:yes thats true.	labels:less fear = less stress= better mood....I hope! well thank you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhi my name is Lisa, how are you?	labels:I'm struggling to make it through the day. My daughter was hit by a car in September and the traumatic experience is weighing heavy on my brain.
text:it sounds like you are feeling troubled after your daughter's car accident am I right?	labels:Troubled would not be the word I would use, but it wasn't a car accident. She was hit by a car in the street outside of my house. She was coming home from school. She is only 5.
text:that sounds like it would be a very traumatic experience, it's no wonder this is hard for you, it would be hard for anyone in this situation.	labels:I have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning.
text:How  would you use to describe your feelings about this accident?	labels:I would say that I am anxious all the time. She survived, but she had some serious injuries after. I feel like a part of me died that day, the part that thought I could protect her no matter what. I would say that I'm also feeling ashamed because it was out of my control.
text:It sounds like you are dealing with a lot...it is normal to feel anxious about it.	labels:Is that how you would feel?
text:and it's hard not to blame ourselves, but please remember this was outside your control.	labels:thank you for saying that. I quit my job to focus on her healing, and i don't want to go back to work now.
text:I have not experienced anything like this to be honest....the closest I can recall is encouraging my daughter to do something, and then she got hurt, and I blamed myself and felt like a bad mother. how is your daughter doing now?	labels:She is healing well, she has a moderate TBI (traumatic brain injury) so there is still so much uncertainty. It sucks to blame ourselves for things that happen to our kids.
text:the fact that you felt the need to quit your job shows how deeply this has affected you...do you miss your work?	labels:No. And I'm completely dreading going back to work. I wish I could somehow get paid to exist so that I can just stay home with my daughter all day.
text:it sounds like you need to be with your daughter all day but also need the income that work would afford, am i right?	labels:YES. And if you can figure out how to make that happen I'll give you 10% of the salary lol.
text:hehe...0% is all I'd ask for... how about part time work would that be possible for you?	labels:I've been looking for a remote part time job that has pay equivalent to a full time job. Apparently, that's not a thing.
text:i see...I would not know how to find such a job, i've often thought that would be a great thing to do.. i have a question.	labels:What's your question.
text:is there a friend or family member that can spend time with your daughter so it's easier to get back to maybe a part time job?	labels:I don't have a family. Just my daughter, and my boyfriend who lives in Australia that can't come here due to Covid restrictions. She does see her Dad everyday, but the part time hours I would need would have to be flexible and no company is even really hiring part time at the moment from what I can tell.
text:I see. I wonder if you have spoken to a doctor about how you feel?  Struggling to get through the day must be so difficult.  I wonder if it might be helpful to get screened for depression.	labels:I have a psychiatrist and a therapist that I have been working with. Their solution is medication which I am extremely against.	episode_done:True
text:hello, how are you?	labels:Hi there. Can you help me?
text:What help you need? please can you explain.	labels:I did not study for a test and I very poorly. I feel ashamed!
text:please don't feel shame you can do it. nothing is hard if we try.	labels:Exactly. I did not try!
text:so please try then you feel better. where you feel stuck in studies please can you explain.	labels:I just don't feel motivated to study.
text:from today please feel yourself that you know everything about your studies , i think then you fell better.	labels:ok I will do that. Thank you.
text:give more time to your study then you know everything about your studies.	labels:I will! I need to put some effort in for sure.
text:yes you can do it. just try.	labels:Ok I will try. I think the problem is not trying for sure.
text:so start from today then tomorrow is better day.	labels:great advice. thank you!
text:your welcome.	labels:I think that's all. I feel better now. I'll try more.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today? I am available to listen and help you think through some things. I know it can be difficult to express how we are feelings sometimes..	labels:It can be difficult to express feelings. I agree.
text:Do you have a specific problem that you are experiencing?	labels:I work a dead end job with no potential and it is depressing being there for 9 hours a day. Thats why I am on here instead of working.
text:That sounds really exhausting. You work longer hours than a normal job and must feel really burned out.	labels:Yeah the burn out isn't the worst I experienced. I previously worked jobs that I was at for 12 hours a day but they were more rewarding.
text:You are definitely a hard worker and I hope you know that. You make a great employee puttin in som many hours.	labels:I am there for 9 hours. I probably only work for 1 hour a day. The rest of the time I am killing time.
text:I was in a job that I felt was a waste of time and I was able to find another one eventually. I understand how you can feel. Do you have any plans to look for different work in the future?	labels:No. I have no energy to find a new job. Also given the pandemic, keeping a secure paying job is more important than happiness..
text:I can relate to that feeling too. You are exhausted and feeling like you cant get out of a rut sort of?	labels:Yes you hit the nail on the head. In a rut for sure..
text:I am glad that you are expressing yourslef today and facing your feelings. This could be a start to changing somethings in your life. It isn't usually easy talking about being in a rut.	labels:It is very tough to express feelings.
text:I would like to suggest starting a journal to write down just the bullet points of how you feel at the end of each day. Would you consider trying this activity?	labels:No. It has been suggested to me before. While I understand the benefits, it is something that I don't feel like doing..
text:It can help to review your own thoughts dad to day and attempt to find a pattern that you may not be aware of in your life.	labels:That's a good point about recognizing patterns.
text:You could always start with just taking 5 minutes per day and after a week quit it and reach back out and we can try something else..	labels:That is a good idea. I also see a psychologist and a psychiatrist for help..
text:That is very productive. We have a lot of ideas for therapy and can work on finding the best one for you if journaling is a fail. Thank you for reaching out today!	labels:Thank you for taking the time to listen.
text:You're welcome. Take care!	labels:You too. Have a nice day.	episode_done:True
text:hi! Hope you are doing well today. How may I assist  you ?	labels:Hey! I’ve been better. Just so stressed out! I don’t handle pressure well.
text:Something is pressuring you and you are stressed due to that. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:That’s right. I have three final exams next week and I’ve had the flu so I haven’t been able to study at all.
text:It must be hard for you to prepare for it. I can understand. But there must be a way.	labels:I’m sure I can figure something out. I’ll definitely have to study all weekend. I just really need to pass. Do you know any good tricks to help study?
text:I can easily see your seriousness and dedication for  your studies. That is awesome thing.	labels:Thanks! Education is very important in my family. My dad was a teacher so I’ve always had to live up to high expectations.
text:you should take a complete rest for 2-3 hours without worrying and then get up and eat something tasty and healthy. Afterwards sit for preparing for your exam. That's what I do and it helps me a lot.	labels:I love that idea! I think I’ll feel much better if I take that time to just relax before I really start working.
text:There is a famous quote " Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is steal your joy and keep you busy doing nothing."	labels:Whoever said that sure knew what they were talking about. It’s so true! Any snack recommendations? I’ve got some fruit on hand, but it’s a little boring by itself lol.
text:I definitely recommend trail mix or chex mix and one of my favorites is banana chips!	labels:I don’t think I’ve ever tried banana chips! I’ll have to see if my grocery store has got them. Maybe I can get some delivered by the time I’m ready to study.
text:you can find it in any grocery store easily known as  Plantain chips. hope you are feeling much better now.	labels:Thanks so much! I’ve added them and some of my favorite trail mix to my cart. Should be delivered in 1 hour! I am feeling better. Thanks so much for the advice :)
text:That's great to know and best wishes for your exams.	labels:Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today? Would you like to share how you're feeling?	labels:I'm in depression because recently i lost my job.
text:I am so sorry to hear that you lost your job. Did you work there for a long time?	labels:yes up to five years but my company getting too much lost so they took out lots of employs.
text:I can understand that being used to a routine and then suddenly losing that can cause a lot of depression and confusing for you. Are you feeling lost?	labels:i feel very depress.
text:I am proud of you taking the step to reach out today and share your feelings with me. That takes a lot of strength on your part.	labels:Thanks for understand my feelings , do you have any experience like that.
text:You're welcome and yes I had a similar situation about a year ago. I had worked for the same company for 10 years and they laid me off. I was blindsided and very upset and felt depressed also. I started looking for jobs and found a better one that paid more, so it worked out for the best in the end.	labels:what you think if apply for new job , i will come out from this depression?
text:I understand that you are feeling a deep sadness and a situational depression. I believe that when you takes steps forward and start applying for jobs then you will see a lot of opportunities are out there. Do you have any family that can be supportive to you through this difficult time?	labels:Thanks for support.
text:You're welcome. Often sometimes local charities will help with putting together a resume and helping find you a job. Maybe you could reach out for assistance in creating a new resume?	labels:do you have any idea for getting new job?
text:I would recommend looking for an local group that help assist creating new resumes. Nonprofits have people who volunteer. .	labels:Thanks for sharing your ideas.
text:You're welcome, I would also suggest reaching out to your friends and family for support during this challenging time. You are a faithful employee and have a great future ahead.	labels:yes they are supporting but its difficult situation.
text:You can always reach out to me and I can providing  you a place to vent and express yourself and the feelings that you are having. Hopefully you feel like a plan to begin apply for new jobs is a start forward.	labels:thank you so much for you support , i fell better.
text:Thank you for being so strong and reaching out today. Have a great rest of your day.	labels:thanks.
text:I would be happy to continue if you have anything else you would like to say and of not kindly use the feature to finishing this session.	labels:i don't have anything else , please finish.
text:Thank you, the feature is provided to you and you alone. The button is for you to confirm you have finished and quit the session and would like to continue with your day. However, I am happy to talk as long as you are if you don't want to do that, I am unable to on my end.	labels:sorry is your side.
text:Thank you, but it is actually red and located under your blue button feature. Thanks again for your time today..	labels:yes from your side.
text:I understand however that is not the case. I do not have the feature that will submit and therefore complete. Please use the red button that saying finish/quit in order to proceed.	labels:ok.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHey! How are you?	labels:trying to stay positive but keep having too many thoughts at once :(
text:What are these thoughts? :)	labels:Its so stupid. I keep worrying about worrying or having something bad happen. The thoughts just come so fast.
text:Maybe your mind is just congested with the thoughts of life, and you just need to relax for a little while.	labels:tried that. its become more of a chronic thing, like sometimes I cant controll the thoughts or like I dont know how to relax. like a chemical thing.
text:A chemical thing, so maybe you need a counsellor, and then he can assess your problem, and everything will be alright :)	labels:I have one and it helps sometimes. I try to meditate.
text:Yes, meditation is very good at calming down the mind. Does it help you? If it does maybe do it more continuously and more frequently.	labels:i pretty much have to do it constantly.
text:Not constantly. because then you won't have anytime to do anything else, but if negative thoughts always come into your head, maybe try doing something you enjoy doing.	labels:yeah maybe its as simple as that. I know Im the problem cause its very obvious that im the on ein control of the thoughts for the most part.
text:Yeah, maybe.  But always look at the bright side of stuff and maybe the negative thoughts can stop.	labels:right. I will try and start that more today and commit to it.
text:yes that's the spirit! And with that mind set good things will always come to you!	labels:yes i agree. when i consistently use meditation and positive attitude, any bad things are defintely minimized.
text:Yes, as long as you keep focused and not divert into any other thoughts :)	labels:yes. do you meditate?'
text:I do it once a week and it really helps. I used to do it more often when I felt I couldn't do anything right, so always do it according to the situation.	labels:do you want to keep talking or should we wrap up? i could go either way.
text:Yes. If you want to.	labels:I might go and have some breakfast. It was great chatting :)	episode_done:True
text:Hey.\nhi, how are you?	labels:not good.
text:oh! what happen? Everything is ok.	labels:I have been feeling really depressed lately.
text:oh! what is the reason of depression please can you share with me. you can share your problem with me freely.	labels:Thank you and I am really stressed out with college and I really don't have a job so it is causing me stress as I college is difficult as it is now I don't have a job as well.
text:engage yourself in other activities that make you happy.	labels:only sport seems to make me happy but the pandemic is not helping me with that.
text:did you try for any new job.	labels:Yes but it didn't work out as most jobs need job experience and I only have a small amount of that.
text:you have talent so you can get job easily.	labels:It's hard to get a job these days, I was thinking of doing entrepreneurs work.
text:i also went through this situation but now finally i get new job.	labels:But now i guess I have to get through school first before I think about that.
text:did you try any new course . Try to do some online courses that help you get new job.	labels:Yeah, thats a good idea, but i don't think I will do well because school is also stressing me out a lot.
text:its very hard to get new job but i think you can do it. try to do those courses that you enjoy .	labels:Yeah. thanks i hope I can and I will try and I do enjoy the college course I do but it is very hard.
text:did you ever try to go in sports ?because you like that.	labels:I will try though thank you.
text:your welcome.	labels:But im not good enough to actually go professional in sport.
text:take some caching classes of sports.	labels:ok i will, anyway thanks for the help, now i feel much better :)	episode_done:True
text:How are you?	labels:im okay i guess how about you?
text:I'm doing well, thank you for asking. It sounds like you might not be doing okay. Anything you want to talk about?	labels:no I haven't been doing okay I've actually been extremally stressed, but at this very moment im okay i guess, even though he isnt home, after awhile you kind of get used to the late night worrying and anxiety and depression.
text:That sounds like a lot for a person to be dealing with. Is this your husband/boyfriend?	labels:he is my boyfriend but we have been together for 6 years, and since his car wreck and him being diagnosed with tbi he hasnt been him self lately! and it seems like he has been getting worse!
text:That's a long time. He's lucky to have you to support him. You said you worry when he's not at home. Is this because of the injury and not acting like himself?. Supporting someone with a  brain injury can be stressful. Are you taking are of yourself as well? You can't be of help to your boyfriend if you are not doing well yourself.	labels:well yes but no, he got in a car accident on 9/6/2018 and i fall pregnant exactly a year later my due date was 9/4/2019 but i had her 8/22/19 and. i was going to say alot more but it wouldnt let me so i copied it but it wont let me paste it so im not even going to try to type all of that up agin lol. but long story shot he cheated on me a half a year after i had my daughter and now the girl is pregnant wanting me to take in her child bc its either her life or the babys and me being the person i am i ant let the baby go into foster care or my baby not being able to see her sibling.
text:If I understand this correctly your boyfriend cheated on you after you had a child together. Now, the other woman is pregnant with your boyfriends baby? Did I get that right?	labels:yep its a very frustrating and difficut situation.
text:I can understand that would make you feel anxious and depressed. Do you have someone to help you cope with this situation? Friends, Family, etc?	labels:what would u do or how would u feel if u was in this situation? i ended up getting back with him bc i didnt want my child without a father like i was.
text:I totally understand where you are coming from. Things get much more complicated when children are involved.	labels:nope i keep to myself! and alot of friends and family dont even know shes pregnant with his kid yet, but yes at the time i had help. yes it does get alot more complicated exp when my kid is involed and then i have to thing about him not being himself bc of his tbo.
text:Well, it sounds like you still have a lot going on. Sometimes even when you want to take more on emotionally and mentally you need to take a step back and re-evaluate the situation. Maybe finding someone to talk to about everything that is currently going on in your life would be helpful. Youre only human, right?	labels:yea i know,but thats hard when u dont know how to deal with the situation and when u meet someone that u just can stay mad at.
text:Agreed. But maybe that's what has to happen to help you get through this. I think it might be a good starting point for you.	labels:i know, im trying to work on that! i forgive to easily.
text:That's okay. Forgiveness helps us out as well. It helps us to move forward with our lives.	labels:yea sometimes i guess.
text:It's never easy.	labels:it really isnt! its actuallt really hard, its like you hate them but you also love them at the same time.
text:Exactly! I hope our chat has helped you out a bit. Maybe even given you some things to reflect on. You always have the power to change the dynamic of the situation. Remember that.	labels:hopefully soon somethings will change for the better, i just hope i figure out what i should do and to make a better me and a better life for everyone.
text:You will. It will just take some reflection on your part.	labels:yes for sure! it felt great being able to talk to someone about this.
text:Fantastic! I'm really glad to hear that! Well, I wish you the very best. Enjoy the rest of your night!	labels:same goes to you also have a good night.
text:Thank you! : )	labels:your welcome, and thank you also.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you? What would you like to talk about?	labels:Got any advice for a lonely single fellow in his mid thirties? I miss my friends, and virtual meetings on Zoom don't feel the same as meeting in person!
text:The pandemic has been hard on many people, those in relationships and those looking for new ones! Have you tried to develop a new hobby or interest that you can do with others once the pandemic is over?	labels:Well, I've been writing enough poetry to publish a book, so I'll certainly do that. I know the pandemic has been rough for everyone. Hopefully my doctor will say I qualify for the vaccine soon.. Getting my stimulus check in the next week or so would certainly make me a bit happier, too..
text:That's great! Poetry is something you can share in person or over video link. What about physical activities? I think that yoga might be something that you can do by yourself and with others. There are a bunch of videos on sites like YouTube.. A stimulus check! Yes, we can all use money during these trying times.	labels:Oh, I took advantage of virtual yoga and zumba early on during the pandemic. Friends had virtual classes. Eventually they were able to go back to work. Being disabled is a poverty trap for a lot of people, not just me. I really want to find a girlfriend once I get vaccinated..
text:I have tried yoga myself, but it wasn't really my thing. I prefer walking and riding a bike.. Do you have to wait until you get vaccinated to start working on getting a girlfriend?	labels:Well, certain things don't work for every person..
text:True. I like trying new things, but I am happy to give them up if they just don't fit my style.. Is there a way you could start looking for a girlfriend online now, before the pandemic is over? Maybe there is a way to make a connection using your poetry.	labels:Technically, no, I don't HAVE to wait to get vaccinated, but then again, maybe I don't want a girlfriend. The only one I had ten years ago in college wanted to marry me and have a child and I wasn't ready for commitment. I fear marriage, actually..
text:Marriage is a big step, and any prudent person would think carefully before making the commitment..	labels:That's a good point, I'm sure if my poetry is entertaining or full of truth about my experiences in a wheelchair, perhaps a woman will find that attractive.
text:Are you concerned that things will move too quickly to that level of commitment (marriage)? You could make it clear from the outset that you want to take it slow..	labels:Or I could just get an adult entertainer to be my companion for a day. I've done that before with women in that industry. It costs a bit, but it's worth it for companionship. No, I just hate the idea of waking up to one woman for 20 or 30 years. But it's better than being alone.
text:Robin Williams talked about that situation. He said that he didn't fear being alone as much as being with people that he didn't like.	labels:Did he really? Well, it's sad how he ended up, I'm too scared to commit suicide like he did! I enjoy living life, even when I have months at a time without human connection.
text:Adult entertainers provide one kind of companionship, but it is not complete. It feels like a stopgap to me. Is it fulfilling enough for you?	labels:You're right, I just lack self confidence in my poetry....hopefully I'll figure out a way to spit it out on a blog or something.
text:You could trade poems with other budding poets. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours." Do you find yourself to be more an introvert or an extrovert?	labels:Oh it's been very fulfilling for me when I've had the opportunity to use it. Most of them are genuine women. Only a handful have tried to take advantage of me.. I'm definitely an extrovert. That was a clever pun by the way. It's ironic and strange how many people struggle with that stupid voice in their head that tells them they're not good enough to accomplish anything..
text:Thanks. Ok. The pandemic is particularly hard on extroverts. People look down on sex workers, but I think that the world is a big complex place and people are trying to make their way in it. If everyone is consenting, I see no problem.. Have you tried psilocybin? Some people swear that it changes the inner monologue for the better. I am not a physician, but for long-term adjustment, it might be beneficial..	labels:Well of course it's consentual. I would never NOT ask for permission to do things with a sex worker, or any person.. I'll have to Google that, I've never heard of that, but thanks for the advice!
text:Sure! I'm glad we had a chance to chat. Best of luck with making friends/girlfriends after the pandemic! BTW, is there a quit button on your end?	labels:Yes there is, and I am pressing it right now. Thanks so much, I'll be fine. Have a good night!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:I am very sada.
text:What are you sad about? Perhaps I can help..	labels:My girlfriend cheated on me with her ex.
text:Wow that is not nice of her. Have you talked to either of them about it? I would recommend that you do..	labels:No I have not spoke to her. She is deaf she cannot hear.
text:Hmm do you mean literally or metaphorically?	labels:Literally. She cannot hear. She was born deaf.
text:Well can you communicate with her through sign language?	labels:I can, But I have no hands.
text:Gosh, life hasn't treated the pair of you very well, has it?.	labels:It sure hasn't. I was born with a huge nose And I have to slam my nose into the keys in order to type.
text:Well, at least you're putting it to good use..	labels:I just want to tell my ex who cheated on me with her ex I still love her. if I had hands she wouldn't of had to cheat.
text:But with only a huge nose to work with - is this really viable?	labels:I want it to be. But It hurts my face to insant message her on AIM.
text:You still have AIM? Wow, you are really out of date. I hate to say it but maybe she's better off with her ex?	labels:We met on AIM, Her ex is a registered sex offender. and it makes me sad that she left me for someone like that.
text:Sometimes we just have to learn to let go *nods sententiously* Yeah but, he's got hands and a small nose, right?	labels:His hands are so big he could be a power forward in the WNBA. and average "15 Minutes' per game.
text:I do not know what that is but I can probably spend the rest of my life without finding out and still die happy..	labels:her ex is like John wall and I look like Justin beiber with no hands. He tried to fight me and told me if i talk to her again I'm gonna "Catch these hands"
text:I don't know who those people are either. I live a very sheltered life..	labels:I used to live a sheltered life. I was then unsheltered and cut my hands off in a bicycle accident.
text:I thought you were born without them but perhaps they grew back..	labels:I wasn't born I just showed up one day.
text:(and you just scrolled back to check, didn't you? :D)	labels:I sure did it took a minute with this nose.
text::D Well, it's been interesting and, erm, I wish you joy in your future romantic endeavours. Maybe find a more trustworthy girlfriend in future?	labels:of course.
text:We all learn by our mistakes. Thanks for talking and spend that two dollars wisely!	labels:Will do good Bot.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today?	labels:I have had my babu for 15 years and have to give him up.  He is a parrot and so used to me.
text:I am so sorry to hear that. You have probably become very attached after that long, I can imagine.	labels:Yes, I am worried that he wont be taken care of.  I am worried that he wont be happy. I cook for him and take him outside.  I grow fruit so he can eat it.
text:Can I ask why you have to give him up? Do you have any other pets?.	labels:NO other pets.  I have gone leaglly blind, had to give up driving.  I have to move to a condo from a single famuly home.  He is too loud to live in a condo.
text:You are a very good caretaker for your parrot. You have given him a lot of specialized care..	labels:Going blind is bad enough, giving up driving was teh worst.  But giving up my parrot is really hard. I did baby him, he can go outside through the dggie door.  He gets fresh fruit, spaghettie,  He has his own Alexa.
text:You have been the best you could be for him and it has got to feel really sad to let him go. It can feel like a death sometimes when you lose someone or a pet.	labels:If he died it would be OK, I would mourn him and move on.  But I have never had to give up a pet before.  I just think most people. wont take care of him like I do. Because he is still alive, I will worry about him.
text:I understand a little bit of how you feel. My dog died recently and it was really hard when the vet had to put him down. I was really sad and would cry when I thought of him ort the things we used to do together..	labels:Yes, I was depressed for 6 months after my parrot died, but eventually we move on.  I dont know that I can move on after giving him up.
text:Would you ever consider getting a pet that is not as loud? I am not suggesting that you replace him..	labels:No, except a seeing dog.
text:I am concerned that if you don't have a pet to care for you may have a more difficult time to recover and thrive. Mourning is a process and it might be easier if you can hare your ;love with another pet.	labels:No other pets.  I need to move and cannot take him with me.
text:A seeing eye dog is a great idea. You are trying to think of ways to help yourself and that is really important. You are also reaching out and sharing your feelings. Do you have any friends with pets that you can visit with from time to time?	labels:It isn't about a new pet it is about worrying that he will not be taken care of. I contacted a rescue place to get him a new home.
text:I am sorry that makes a lot of sense. I am really thankful that you are sharing your feelings and expressing them.	labels:Contacting a rescue place has helped me.
text:Rescue centers usually make people apply to adopt to insure a good home for them. You have made him into a wonderful pet.	labels:I think that will be best for him. Thanks for listening.	episode_done:True
text:I feel emotionally sad. It is unforgiving and hoping to find healing.\nHi! Hope you are feeling better now. I will help you to find some solution. Why are you feeling emotionally sad?	labels:With this kind of pandemic situation, it is making me more upset as I am not able to go out to socialize with people to foget my problems.
text:The pandemic situation is tough for everyone, so don't worry.	labels:My boyfriend brokeup with me 6 months ago and without saying good bye face to face.....it is just making me wonder why?
text:I am sorry to hear that..	labels:We were not able to see each other ever since the pandemic and we just ended our relationship.
text:I would like to give some suggestions.	labels:that would be great.
text:Please ask your boyfriend to discuss to me so that i can advice him.	labels:We don't talk anymore. I could not reach him and i do not want to talk to him too.
text:This pandemic is taking longer time to settle because many people do not follow the guidelines suggested.	labels:definately....
text:Please do not get upset.  Try to understand each other then only it is possible to reconcile. Please cooperate with each other so you can be back together.	labels:I don't want to see him or talk to him. I just want to get on with my life to start a brand new one. I am just feeling so sad and depressed.
text:Is my advice helpful to you?	labels:no.  are not telling me how i can get my depression away.
text:Don't be upset we all come across difficult times in life. This is one of the time.	labels:thank you. i will forget and take it one at a time.
text:Please seek some interesting relaxation for mind. If you deviate your mind from getting upset then you can overcome this depression.	labels:I will try....
text:Ok sure . Good luck..	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:hi there how are you doing?	labels:Hi, doing OK. how are you doing?
text:I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?	labels:I am having difficulty in controlling my anxiety and look for some support.
text:Ah I hear you, I have suffered bad anxiety for years. Have you been getting medical help?	labels:Not really, although I got some medication prescribed, however, am very afraid of getting addicted and reliance.
text:Some anti anxiety medication can be addictive but if you're sensible with it you should be okay. Talk to your doctor?	labels:Yes, she suggested so. But I am not convinced. I see many friends getting relying on the medication even after they feel OK.
text:What about counselling .. would you consider that? There is some very good therapy available.	labels:I haven't thought about it...maybe not familiar with the circumstance. Maybe different culture that I have grown? I also have many friends who were not satisfied with counseling.
text:True - I know different cultures do take different approaches to things and in some places talking about mental health is taboo.	labels:I have no idea what to do. that's why I look for another support.
text:I would recommend giving counselling a go, even though you're not totally sure about it.	labels:what if it doesn't work and cost a lot?
text:Is it not possible to get it free? It is provided free in my country.	labels:very costy here in the US.
text:Ah, you need to move here to the UK ;).	labels:also varying by the healthcare providers. I didn't know that the UK has such a good coverage.
text:We don't have to worry about the cost of medication or counselling as we have socialised medicine.	labels:can you please explain further about socialized medicine?
text:Sure. Everyone pays a small percentage of their income - depending on how much they earn - and it goes to fund the NHS. Everyone is therefore eligible for free hospital treatment etc and we pay a standard amount (about ten pounds ie fourteen dollars) for a prescription, no matter which drugs we are gettign. If I needed a heart transplant tomorrow it would be free :D.	labels:I see. That's how South Korea manage healthcare too..
text:Most of Europe do it that way. It works well :).	labels:However, the US healthcare system is totally different, so commercialized. that's why I look for supporters today.
text:At least you'd be sure you'd be able to get help for your anxiety!	labels:sure thing!
text:Alas yes, it's a very scary system. Too many people suffer cos they can't get insurance or pay their bills.	labels:yes, it is so sad even if I have a health insurance from my workplace, but we have to pay from out of pocket, which is ridiculous. Do you have any other suggestions to resolve my anxiety issue?
text:Yes it really is - I can imagine that that sends your anxiety sky high. We just don't have to worry about that - we pay in advance and no more than we can afford. Well, how about Vitamin B? Strangely, it actually does work.	labels:I am currently taking, but still not effective.
text:you need quite a large dose each day - regular won't do anything.	labels:How large? I take one of the over the counter products.
text:I am probably not supposed to give medical advice :) But have a look online.	labels:I see. But thanks, I may look up that info.
text:It genuinely did help me though.	labels:good to hear!
text:Anyway thank you for talking and I wish you well!.	labels:Thank! I may try higher dose of Vitamin B. Have a good one!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling very sad.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. What are you sad about?	labels:My partner of 9 months cheated on me.
text:Oh wow that is really rough. Do you think you might be able to work it out or is it over permanently?	labels:It is over permanently...
text:Maybe it is for the best - I have been cheated on before and although it hurt at the time it turned out to be the best favour he could have done me..	labels:Yeah I guess, the relationship was a little toxic and she sometimes only used me for money. Maybe is it for the best now that I think about it.
text:Sounds like you're definitely well off out of that one!!	labels:Yeah I just miss having someone there for me.
text:All you need now is to give yourself some TLC .. treat yourself to something nice and go easy on yourself..	labels:What is TLC.
text:There will be someone else. I never thought I'd find anyone else but I did and we've been together ten years ago now! Tender Loving Care :) Means be good to yourself.	labels:Ok yeah your story is very inspirational to me. Maybe this was needed in order to find the right person.
text:Is there anything you can do to distract yourself right now? Plan a holiday or take a night class or something?	labels:I am now doing mturk to get my mind off of it to make some extra money.
text:Save up what you make and buy yourself something nice?	labels:yeah the only problem is I am barely getting any money from this. Do you have any tips onto how I can make more money/
text:There is some very lucrative stuff out there :). Take what we are doing right now for instance.	labels:I mean 15 minutes for 2$ doesn't seem very lucrative. but I guess it ads up.
text:beats flipping burgers ;). So, what are you going to do to get yourself back onto the dating market?	labels:I am going to wait for this whole covid thing to end and then get a real job and once I fix my financial situation I will start dating again.
text:Ah yes, the world feels like it's on hold at the moment doesn't it? Probably not a good time to start sharing germs with new people :D.	labels:Yeah exactly and I have more pressing matters at hand than a girlfriend because like I said, I am in need of money right now since.
text:I'll be around for ages if you want to talk some more on here!.	labels:I think talking to you has benefited me a lot so thank you for that. I am feeling happy right now.
text:You're welcome :) I have a solution for every problem you know ;).	labels:Yeah thats what it seems like. how can I make sure you get the most money from this.
text:just wait till fifteen mins is up ;). If we quit before then we get less. So, um, tell me about your ex?	labels:ok got it. I met my ex through tinder. and then we started going on dates and we both seemed to like each other.
text:ah! I met mine through OKCUPID. Online dating is definitely the way to go these days.	labels:yeah it really makes it easy to meet new people.
text:Not like when I was younger when the internet was just taking off. Internet dating was seen as weird then. Well it's been lovely talking, I hope to see you again sometime :) take care!.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?. Hi, is there anything you'd like to talk about today?	labels:Today there is nothing to feel about that. When I think of it or have some situation to recall the previous incident I get very angered on my friend, who did not help me, in spite of my volunteer help to him on a similar situation.
text:Would you like to give me a few more details?	labels:So simple. I was in need of money, urgently, for my business. I helped him when he was in a similar situation. Now I am in situation, previously he was when I helped. I expected my friend surely will help. But he did not. This has put me some anger on him. This was a situation that happened 1 year before. Now I recall this for chatting.
text:Well, are you sure that he could have definitely afforded to loan you anything?	labels:Yes. That was well within his limits and he should have obliged.
text:Well, the thing is, just because you had lent to him does not mean he is obliged to help you. Though of course it would have been the courteous thing to do.	labels:Thank you for your understanding and feeling. I feel some relax over the anger, just by your words.
text:Is it possible to try to talk to him calmly and tell him exactly how he has made you feel?	labels:Yes. I tried calmly of the situation. He told accepting as the situation has passed. I am not sure he has fully understood. As the situation passed, he says okay.
text:I think you need to decide whether you just just let it go or whether you cant' and won't be able to continue the friendship.	labels:However I continue the friendship not affected by this harassment.
text:Aren't you worried that it might rankle with you and surface again at some time to affect the friendship?	labels:My behavior with him will not be affected because of this. But whenever I happen to think or recall of this I get to anger of it unavoidably. And cools off in some time.
text:It is understandable. I hope that I have been able to help you a little and thank you for talking it out!.	labels:I need some more to chat with you. Is there any suggestion not to get angered again, even when having some recall or thought of the situation. That has been my problem.
text:Have you thought of trying any meditation exercises or breathing exercises... just to help you stay calm?	labels:Generally I am cool, not an emotional person. If I need any special training, it should be only because of this. If there is some simple  way that could help.
text:I think you should give it a try - I have personally found breathing exercises very helpful! Thank you for talking, I must go now..	labels:However it is not at all required. That anger does not affect me, just only feeling for some minutes. I let it go.
text:can you press quit and do the survey? It has to be done your end:) We've done ten turns each..	labels:I think you suggest to try for breathing exercise. Do you feel benefited by that, often or rarely.
text:Yes I do but the task really is finished. Please press quit, I can't do it my end. Neither of us will get paid if you do not. Ten turns each and fifteen minutes .. we've done that..	labels:If you are urgent, I do not want to delay you . Thanks, Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you doing today?	labels:I am fine thank you. How are you?
text:I am very well. Do you have any problems you'd like to discuss with me?.	labels:Yes. I am having trouble figuring out how to handel a situation with a friend.
text:Ah, can you give me a few more details? I am sure I will be able to help/.	labels:Her husband was justshot and kiled over a drug deal.  He was high on drugs at the time.  My dayghter and his daughter are good friends and we carpool with them every day. He was often the driver not my friend.  Was he high when he was driving my daughter arround? Did my friend know he was on drugs?
text:Wow that is a tough one - I can see why you would be concerned about it. At least, though, you can be assured that she is safe and is never going to come to any harm as a result of his driving now.	labels:Agreed but it is hard to not be suspicious that the mom knew something about hi actions. Yet I feel horrible that she lost her husband.
text:I understand but right now is probably not the best time to confront her about it :(	labels:I know. I am trying to be supportive and help her with her kids but a part of me is still anxious that she may have played me.
text:People can hold values that to other people seem strange. She might not have considered it wrong to be driving on drugs, even though it is..	labels:Very true. I really never even considered that!
text:That would not make it acceptable though!.	labels:No, absolutely not!  But I never looked at it that way..
text:At least you can feel relieved that your daughter is safe now :).	labels:Yes. I am very relieved. He was recently in a car accident before he died. Luckily no one was hurt and the girls were not in the car! He totaled his brand new truck though.
text:I think the best you can do right now is just be there for your friend when she wants to talk..	labels:Definitely trying to be!
text:Is she able to support herself financially?	labels:Yes she received payouts from several large life insurance policies so they are safe financially. Just a mess emotionally.
text:Maybe it can be a good opportunity for her to change her lifestyle and get off the drugs. On that note, I hope I have been able to give you some reassurance and thanks for talking!.	labels:Thank you so much! You were very helpful!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you today? Is there something that you'd like to chat about?	labels:Yes. I need some suggestion for my situation of seeking a job, lost due to pandemic.
text:That sounds like a challenging situation. How long have you had to deal with this?.	labels:I came from my job location in Mar 2020 and went back in Nov 2020. Since Nov 2020, I am having this critical situation.
text:That's some months that you've been out of work. What kind of work are you looking for?.	labels:My wife has been working in a local company. So, we have some basic support to run the family.
text:That's good to hear. So you can manage for a while. What kind of work do you hope to find?.	labels:I was working in a distant location in a better job. Now I am trying to find a better one in a nearby location. I am an Engineer in  Mechanical Engineering. Some related field in management, not as supervisor or low.
text:So many jobs would be acceptable if they are nearby and are in a related field.	labels:Yes. Some job may be available, if to pick any one. I do not want to switch often. Better late to find a better job. I have attended few interviews. I hope will get one. Probably the date is the difference.
text:Do you have any contacts in industry that could be of help? That might give you more options. You could also help them find a job, too. Put a favor in the favor bank.	labels:I have contacts in the previous job location only. But not in my family location. Some of my friends in the previous location have given some idea what I can do. To find a job in my previous location is not an issue. I try to be nearby.
text:Ok. So in a way, you need to build a new network of industry contacts nearby. Is there an industry group or other club in the area?.	labels:I am worried if it will help or I have to switch to my distant locaion only.
text:How much time can you wait? Time seems to be the gating factor here..	labels:Since my wife is working, I do not have a time limitation to find a job. My worry is whether I have to be distant again, while pandemic has not ended.
text:Ok. You think you'll have job opportunities, but maybe not ones that meet your location needs. Are you hoping to spend more time with your family?	labels:Yes. Particularly in pandemic times.
text:It sounds like you have a good handle on your situation. Is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:In your opinion, Am I in the right path?
text:Yes. Time will help you resolve this issue. You will gain perspective on what's out there.. More opportunities will come up if you have time to investigate..	labels:We, I and my wife, also think the same way. Even if takes some time, better to wait.  But we were having an oscillation. After chatting with you, we feel supportive of our thinkings.
text:That's great! I'm glad I was able to help.	labels:Now that we had enough discussion and had my worries clarified, Can I take a leave. Thank you for your help.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I cannot keep up with my classes and it is making me anxious.\nOk. That sounds like something that you should talk to someone about. How many classes are you taking at the moment?	labels:I am taking 4 classes and I am struggling with all of them.
text:That's tough. A full load of courses. Do you have to take all of them right now? Can you adjust your course load?	labels:I have to take them all right now to make sure that I graduate.
text:That's a challenging situation. Can you get help from the professor with the deadlines? Maybe you could look into getting a tutor.	labels:My professors are trying to help they are actually being really nice. I am just having issues balancing it all honestly. I feel like I can never catch up on anything its just a lot on my plate. I think a tutor is actually a really good idea I might look into that.
text:Great! I think a tutor will give you some guidance on how to stay on top of your courses. Your situation is not unusual. Many students have difficulty trying to manage it all. Are you working a job as well?	labels:I am just. I am also working right not. sorry my keyboard it messing up lol. I am working right now and its a part time job but it is still a lot for me. I think getting my time management under control is also so smart to make sure I can balance everything with less anxiety.
text:Ok. No worries! Can you adjust your hours at your job? Do you need the money, or can you maybe take a short break from work until you catch up?	labels:So I do actually need the money. I just moved out on my own and I have a lot of bills that I use to not have when I was living with my parents. I might be able to cut back a couple hours a week but then I might have to give up some fun things I like to do.
text:True. Once you're on the other side of this semester, you can put in more hours. Do you absolutely have to finish this semester, or can you put off a course until the next term?	labels:I would like to finish this semester just because I have a job lined up for me right when I graduate where I can make a lot more money and not struggle as much financially.
text:Is the job contingent on graduation? Maybe you could take one course while you do the job. Work full-time and study  part-time.	labels:I do have to have the degree to start the job thats the only part that isnt great. I would love to start at that company and go to school but they wont allow it..
text:Do you have to get high grades in the courses, or just pass?	labels:Luckily I just have to pass so it makes it a little less stressful. If I actually had to get a high grade oh man that would be the worst.
text:Ok. Do your best to pass. Try to cut back an hour or two at the job. Keep you eyes on the prize: the full-time job after graduation..	labels:Yeah it all seems so far away but I just have to remind myself to look at the bright side and that something great is waiting for me at the end.
text:Great! Best of luck with everything then!	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:hello! How are you?	labels:So im struggling to figure things out in my life. I feel lost and im not sure if its just the depression or if its more. Im hanging in there. Thanks for asking. How are you?
text:I'm good, but has anything happened for you to feel like this or are you in your feelings right now?	labels:Nothing specifically. My life is very good i just happen to always become depressed, unmotivated and sad most the time. It creates issues in all aspects from friendships to my relationship and even my personal and professional life. Im seeking mental health therapy as well as focusing on a number of other things ranging from sleep, diet, communication, social life and numerous things but happen to always feel the same way. Do you have any input?
text:I think you are mental therapy is a good idea as I don't think your mind is as straight as it needs to be, it will be alright especially if your life is good.	labels:It is a good idea and provides some insight on things that maybe i havent thought about before. Have you ever experienced depression thats lasted for long periods at a time?
text:Yh, when I was in college i did go through that stage as I couldn't find a job.	labels:Ive found that exercise and diet helps greatly. But even then i still suffer. So your depression was situational?
text:It was kinda like yours in the sense that nothing triggered it but it worked out somehow so yours will as well :) If it is exercise and diet that helps you, go for it!	labels:Well in your case you mentioned it occurred because you couldnt find a job. Isnt that situational depression?
text:No but I had another source of income so it only effected me a little. But i persevered through it so can you.	labels:But in my case everything around me is better than the average but even so i still become depressed frequently and unmotivated. Ive tried medication and every type of treatment. I feel like there isnt much of a cure. Seems to be treatment resistant..
text:I think you should start medication because perhaps your head isn't in the right place.	labels:Thanks and maybe so. Ive tried many but i suppose maybe focusing on specific ones might do. Do you think support groups could be beneficial? Or do you have any resources for such?
text:Yeah, that might be of use and it will help you see other people in your shoes.	labels:Any resources on where to find a good group?
text:maybe beyond blue or another forum.	labels:Okay ill check those out. I really appreciate your help and information. I hope you have a wonderful day.
text:You too! Bye.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:All I can think of is maybe she is jealous.  She deleted my mom and husband too.  We have mutual friends whom she did not delete.\nHello! I think you are carrying on from another conversation. This is a different one.	labels:Nope this is a new one.  I posted part of it in my topic area. You have to read the topic part of it.
text:I can't see the topic area of yours.	labels:Ok.
text:What happened? Who is jealous of what.	labels:So I had posted in that the following. I just had a baby a couple days ago. Two weeks before I found out a really good friend deleted me on facebook. No reason given she's just gone. She deleted my husband and mom too.  We have mutual friends that she did not delete. I'm thinking maybe she's jealous about me having a baby.  I don't know why else out of the blue she would of done that. The only other thing I can think of is she was dating this one horrible guy and maybe she's back with him but I feel like she would of dated other mutual friends because she knew none of us liked him.
text:She may have been jealous but also may secretly want one, and she shouldn't stay with a guy she doesn't like. Maybe she thinks you are more ahead than her in life or something.	labels:I think she maybe wants a baby/husband/family and just hasnt found it yet.  It never seemed to bother her before. Some of our other mutual friends have kids so I don't understand.
text:Maybe it was one of those things she always wanted but never had the chance like you said. And maybe it just got to her at one point. It's not your fault though, with time she will ease out.	labels:I wanted to reach out to her but since I didn't do anything I figured if she wants to talk she can reach out to me.
text:Maybe she would be too scared since she already blocked you, you should give her time to ease up and then start a conversation and hopefully she will be good again.	labels:Ya I will give her some time to maybe think about things and come back around. It just sucks not having my friend around during this.
text:Yeah, it will but she will come back eventually.	labels:I hope so. But then a part of me is like do I want her back. You know if she can just check out so easily.
text:That is your friend so you will miss her eventually and just give her time ;)	labels:Ya you are probably right. I think I am just mad now that she couldnt just talk to me about her feelings.
text:Yeah, don't take it out on her.	labels:I'll try not too. For not I have enough to keep me busy.  It's just a sad situation.
text:Yeah, i agree its unfortunate but it will work out somehow.	labels:It is.
text:Anyway, just keep your mind of off it.	labels:I will.
text:Okay, thats good to hear.	labels:Well thanks for talking to me.	episode_done:True
text:Hey.\nHI, can I help today?.	labels:I have been married for 5 years but i am very unhappy and anxious. I want to break up with my partner but not sure how, this is increasing my anxiety.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I know it can be really stressful when you are considering a break up. How long have you thought about doing this?	labels:i've thought about this for the last year, things have been going downhill since. I think its starting to become noticible.
text:That is a long time to think about something, so you have given it a lot of time and thought. Have you mentioned it to your partner?	labels:i tried to do it around 8 months ago but my partner convinced herself that it was because i was cheating on her. Her own insecurities put me under a lot of pressure to stay in the relationship to prove i wasn't having an affair.
text:Sharing your feelings is important so thank you for making the effort today. It is not fair to prove a negative and that can be taxing. It sounds like you are a very patient person.	labels:I try to be patient, but i feel like i am wasting my life when i could be happy on my own or potentially with someone else in the future. Im anxious about my daughter and my relationship with her if we split up.
text:You have spent a great deal of time trying to make things right with your partner and you have used a great deal of effort to make it work. You are also a very loving parent who cares greatly.	labels:I know i need to be true to myself but its extremely difficult, i'm not sure how to start the process.
text:Yes, you are right. My parents split up later in life and I was happy to see my dad happy. I understand that isn't everyone story though. Do you have any close family members you can talk to about this? Or close friends?	labels:unfortunately i pushed all my friends away for the sake of the relationship, again the insecurities meant i couldn't have my own time and space. I know my family would be supportive, but there are a lot of financial issues with divorce which worries me.
text:Often times people turn to church or religion and support groups in order to connect with people from the same faith. Have you considered this avenue?	labels:Ive considered support groups, im a little embarrassed tho.  I don't think religion would be much help to me.
text:I understand that you feel nervous about reaching out and thank you again for doing that here today. Sometimes close friends can be a good source of support. It can be hard repairing friendships though.	labels:Maybe i should reach out again?
text:Yes, I would reach out to old friends who may be willing to give you insight into how they viewed things. Support groups can feel intimidating but are usually very welcoming and truly there to help people.	labels:i just hope my daughter is young enough to be able to adapt to her parents splitting up.
text:Children are resilient and want their parents happy ultimately. You are a thoughtful person. Thank you for sharing your feelings today and being open to ideas and possible ways forward..	labels:Thank you very much, you've given me a few options to consider on how to move forward. I'm feeling less anxious with your kind words of support.
text:That is great news. We are always here to help.	labels:thank you again, bye.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing today?	labels:Am not very fine though tring to cope with the situation at hand.
text:What situation specifically are you speaking of, if you would like to tell me?	labels:I am currently facing some sadness. I have had a fiancee whom we have been in good terms for the past one year. She has suddenly changed and no longer has ime for me. I have prompted her on several occasions but she does not respond to my calls and texts.I have requested her so that we meet and talk but she is not willing either. I am confused what to do at this time i need her support the most.
text:So what I hear you saying is that you are engaged and your fiance will not speak to you.  However, you are  unsure as to why she is behaving this way?  Is that correct?	labels:Yea i really dont know the reason behind the breakup coz all along we  have been in good terms and can hardly remember us having a disagreement.
text:Unfortunately sometimes people do just grow apart.  There may not be any concrete reason behind it.  It appears that, for whatever reason, she does not want to talk.  I can understand how this would be upsetting and that it would be hard to obtain closure and move on.	labels:Sure. I really dont know what to do in this case.
text:Have you tried emailing her?  Perhaps she would be willing to explain in a more neutral environment?	labels:Well, i haven`t tried an email. I have only called her severally, sent her message via whatsapp and facebook.
text:It might be an option.  Maybe just lay out how you feel in it, and just ask her for an explanation perhaps.  It might be good to let her know that "I understand it's over, but could you help me understand why so that I can close this chapter" - perhaps she would respond to something like that.  If she doesn't, then you are going to have to make some hard decisions and try to process this. It's a very hard position to be in, but life is too beautiful to be miserable, and I know you would rather be happy.	labels:Sure i also want to be happy but we have shared so much in common and were in process of starting something good to help generate income. She had the idea and i had the capital. I feel this will really be a wasted opprtunity. Is there anything else i can do to salvage the situation?
text:You are going to have to lay it all on the line with her, but be prepared for her to not respond in the way that you want.  Sometimes we do the best we can, and it still doesn't change the situation.  Just know that her decision does not mean you are unworthy, it just means that she is not worthy of you - but someone else is and then it would be time to go and find them.	labels:Wow. This is interesting. Thanks for this reminder. I gonna consider this idea and move on then. Thanks for this support.
text:You are more than welcome.  I know it's hard, but sometimes the rain has to come before the rainbow!	labels:Ok thank you. I will apply your advice and see how it will turn out. Thank you once more.
text:I wish you the best of luck!	labels:Ok. Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:I should add (although it doesn't matter).  I'm female married to a female.\nHi there! I'm glad you're here.	labels:hi.
text:So you're a female and you're married to a female? There's nothing wrong with that at all!	labels:Yes....well we are not living together now.  We have to file papers for divorce.
text:I see. So you're actually legally married - didn't just have a commitment ceremony?	labels:Yes legally married.
text:Care to share what led up to filing for divorce?	labels:She cheated. And as far as I know is still with the person.
text:I can certainly understand how that feels. I have been in your EXACT situation.	labels:It's horrible and hard to move on for sure.
text:How long were you with her?	labels:Don't laugh. Our one year wedding anniversary was this past Sat.  Which I know I shouldnt be so miserable but I am.  I think because like some people have told me we were still in our honeymoon stage. We were not fighting or having big issues....she just cheated.
text:I'm so incredibly sorry to hear that. You realize this behavior, these choices, are a flaw within her, and not you?	labels:It's hard to see that.  I feel like a failure and not good enough. Like why even get married in the first place if you are just going to cheat.
text:I can completely understand that as well. I blamed myself for quite some time as well.	labels:Ya you wish you could go back in time and change things or never get married lol.
text:When you go to bed at night, if you can drift off to dream with a clear conscience, then you're doing significantly better than her! What are you doing to take care of you during this time?	labels:Not much at all. I feel like I'm in a funk and can't get out of it.  My house is a disaster.  I have a small business I am not in the mood to work on....I"ve been slacking in everything.
text:You are important! You matter! Why not do something that is relaxing to you?	labels:I do need to do something.
text:Do you have any post-it notes? Or paper and scotch tape?	labels:I do.
text:Here's what I've done for myself, and other folks that are close to me, going through struggles...	labels:ok.
text:Jot down inspirational messages and hang them up on the bathroom mirror, refrigerator, car, etc. "You matter", "You deserve the best", "You are the shiznit", etc.	labels:the shiznet lol. I will try that. I need to do something.
text:Then, for the tasks that might be getting a bit behind, make a list, in order of importance -- and include a little reward for each task completed.	labels:Thats a good idea.
text:We have to take care of ourselves. After doing it for awhile, it just might become second nature to ya. And -- if continued, will show gals in the future exactly how you expect to be treated because they'll see you taking care of you (and not settling for nor accepting any doodie)	labels:I know I keep telling myself if I get my act together (physically, financially, etc) that I would attract better people....the kind I want to be with.
text:Whether you "have your act together" or not, it's up to you to determine who is worthy of being an active part of your life.	labels:Very true. Ok well thank you for talking to me and the help.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help you today?	labels:I'm having alot of anxiety.
text:I am here to listen and help all that I can. Do you have a specific problem you're worried about?	labels:I got sober 2.5 years ago and my mentor became my very best friend along the way and now have fallen in love...i am married and so is she, she has no idea how i feel and i have no one i can talk to.
text:Thank you for sharing with me today and it sounds like this has happened organically. You seem surprised and that makes a lot of sense..	labels:I feel guilty about it.
text:You seem to have a close bond and have been through sobriety together. That can make you feel very close to someone. How is your relationship with your husband?	labels:I have a wife and we have been together for 18 years, married for 5.  I did alot of damage to our relationship when I was drinking and i'm not sure it will ever be the same.
text:Could you be transferring feelings because she has been there for you through a rough time and maybe you feel understood more than you do in your marriage? Can you talk to your wife about your feelings openly?	labels:about having feelings for another woman? NO...we have tried some marriage counseling apps things get better then go back.
text:I am sorry to hear that. I was also married at one time and had similar issues. We never could get passed some issued like having kids or not. I understand it can be difficult coming to terms with someone. It doesn't always work out.	labels:I have changed a great deal in the past 2.5 years even though it's been for the better it's difficult for my wife to reconcile the old and new.
text:That makes a lot of sense and good for you. That's an awesome testament to your hard work.Does your mentor feel the same way about you?.	labels:I never intended to have these feelings for my friend...it just developed over time.  I would never tell her though and ruin our friendship.
text:Do you have  sense that she has deeper feelings for you and that might be what you are picking up on and contributing to your feelings?	labels:we have a very unique, strong loving, friendship that is completely platonic. she is happily married and has a strong faith, would never cheat.
text:Have you considered getting a mentor who you don't have strong feelings for and slowing down your friendship?	labels:I don't want to cheat either let me clarify that because i never want to ruin our friendship...but I do need to deal with these feelings.
text:I can understand. Have you ever consider starting a journal. A place to write your deepest secrets?	labels:I have actually mentioned before that I think about distancing myself at times because i have never had such an influential friendship and she tells me she needs me as much as i need her and that she waited her whole life to find a friend like me... I don't journal anymore but I do write alot of poetry to work through things.
text:You need to put yourself first and distance is important. Sometimes writing your feelings down can make them practical in nature. You may read back what you write and learn about how you feel in a deeper way. Maybe you will learn you are craving attention from your wife and not getting it and that is contributing to this dilemma.	labels:I believe you are right about that! thanks for the advice and the chat.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you feeling today?	labels:Not so great today to be honest, have been trying to think of things I can do to make my life having meaning but I am struggling.
text:I hear you, it's difficult to feel good when we are struggling. What are you struggling with?	labels:I just feel so sad all the time, I don't know how to snap out of it.
text:I'm sorry you're sad. Do you know what is making you feel so sad?	labels:No, there doesn't seem to be any real reason, it's just a general feeling. I think that's why I'm finding it so hard to understand what to do to make myself feel better.
text:I hear you, sometimes life gets overwhelming. What has made you happy in the past?	labels:I guess maybe having something to do in my spare time, I used to go to the gym a lot but now I don't. Maybe I should try doing some exercise in the evenings.
text:Yes sometimes if you focus on a goal, you will feel accomplished, so you can focus on another goal. Do you have a place where you can exercise safely in the evenings?	labels:Yeah maybe. I think that's part of the problem, I have no goals, I feel like my life has no real purpose or meaning. I do... I luckily live quite close to a nice cycle path that is surrounded by fields and woods.
text:I bet if you try one goal, like exercise, you will be able to start on other goals and start to feel better.	labels:Yeah maybe, I'm not very good at running though, I do worry if I find it hard I will feel like I've failed and then won't want to do it again.
text:You don't have to run, you could walk, that's good exercise. The cycle path sounds like a great place to do it at.	labels:Yeah that's true. I do tend to go straight for the most difficult option sometimes! A walk is probably a nice thing to do, especially now the flowers are all starting to come out.
text:And being out in nature has a way of restoring something basic in us..	labels:Yeah, I do like being outside. Sometimes I can go days without leaving the house so it will probably help to go outside.
text:Do you meditate?	labels:I don't, it's not something I have ever tried. Do you think it might help?
text:Yes, it's great to take a few minutes to quiet your mind and appreciate being in the now..	labels:Maybe I'll give that a try this evening, see if it can help calm me before bed.
text:That sounds like a fantastic plan, another goal. Do you need more advice?	labels:No I think I have a lot to think about for now, thank you for your help. I think I will try meditating and go for a nice long walk!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How are you feeling today?	labels:am fine. at least for now.
text:would you like to talk about it?	labels:yeah... i have not been able to meet with my boyfriend physically due to the corona lockdown, and when i finally got to see him last month i discovered that he is cheating on me.
text:I am so sorry that you had to go through that, I know this is a very difficult time for you. Has your boyfriend reached out to you at all to clarify things or to see if you are okay?.	labels:he has but it is not sounding convincing enough. i feel so hurt.
text:Just By chatting with you, I can feel how hurt and upset you are . Is there anyone that can provide you support at home during this time?	labels:there is nobody i can talk to about this, i dont  really have friends and my siblings are busy with their lives.
text:This is a very challenging time for you especially when there is lack of support. I do feel your pain, And I would like to share some advise and suggestions which may alleviate some of the hurt and pain you are going through. Would you e open to hear them out?	labels:sure, thanks for this.
text:Mindfulness and yoga have proven to help overcome feelings of low mood and perhaps you could try with taking a few deep breaths and listening to some calming music before going to bed tonight. Do you think that, you can try something like this?	labels:yoga sounds interesting but i will try starting it by weekend. some calming music will do at the moment. any suggestions for me?
text:I am so proud of you for giving this a try. I would like to suggest OCB relaxing music , which will help you relax.	labels:thanks so much for this, i feel a weight lifted off my mind.
text:I am so glad that you are feeling better. Just rest assured that I will be here for you should you need to talk to some one and I will do my best to support and guide you.	labels:thank you for calming words.
text:Have a great day.	labels:sure, you too.
text:thank you.	labels:you are welcome.	episode_done:True
text:Hey! How are you?	labels:Hi, I am having a really hard time. I just found out that my boyfriend cheated on me a year ago.
text:Have you confronted him about it yet?	labels:Yes, I told him that my best friend confessed it to me. It was my best friend and him. I was so shocked.
text:Have you broken up yet?	labels:No, I am so mad but I don't want to break up with him. I told my best friends that I never want to see her again though. My boyfriend and I have plans to get engaged this month. I am furious at him though.
text:I think you should postpone the engagement as infidelity during marriage is far more painful. You are strong if you are able to forgive him though because I know I wouldn't.	labels:I have never been so blind sided. Maybe I should reconsider! I have had a guy after me for at least the last year but I never cheated! I really wanted to though.
text:No you should never cheat, because you would be on the same wavelength as your boyfriend. Instead, if you like the other man then you should go where your feelings take you :)	labels:I am thinking that you are right. I feel like my whole world is upside down and I have wasted all this time with the wrong guy and the wrong best friend. I also wonder who else he might have cheated on my with..
text:Yeah, that might be true, a relationship isn't healthy if you are cheated on.	labels:I am so grossed out because I am a germaphobe to begin with. I have not slept with any other person in my whole life so I feel like I am ruined. I want to throw up when I think of him cheating on me. I want to get married and I have a timeline so I am also really confused on what to do if I dump him.
text:To dump him is the best thing to do in my opinion. But always go where your heart is, because you won't be happy if you don't. If you do though, there are plenty men out there, and one of them is chasing you.	labels:Yeah, the guy who liked me was super rich too! My boyfriend is telling me that he wants my best friend to still be in the wedding party too. She was suppose to be my maid of honor, no less.
text:Yeah, but don't go with him because of he money though, genuinely get to know him first.	labels:I have compartmentalized my life and never thought of looking around at my other options. You are making really good points. I need to just stop and really look at my options. I never realized that I have options, it's not like i am even engaged yet.
text:Yeah, you have a lot of options at this stage, so always do what your heart is telling you at the end of the day.	labels:It feels good sharing how I feel with you because you don't have a dog in the fight so to speak.
text:yeah, lool something like that ;). Glad your better.	labels:I never listen to my heart and think that is a great place to start. I always have a plan and go with that but you are making a lot of sense. Thank you for your time today.
text:Your welcome ;)	labels:Have a great day and I might be back soon to give an update.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHey. How are you?	labels:i am not feeling too great.
text:Why not?	labels:i am not able to find a job for over 5 years.
text:How have you been able to get by?	labels:i am on social assiatnce but its not enough and i feel so worthless.
text:If you keep trying things will work out in the end.	labels:but i have been tryin for so long, i dont know what ti do.
text:Perhaps you havent searched well enough, have you gone to many interviews?	labels:yes I did do a lot of interveiws but no one hired me.
text:Perhaps on the interviews you are doing something wrong, because it have been a while.	labels:i feel that i am not worthy and that no one thinks i am capable.
text:Dont think that. You are worthy, you just need to apply yourself in the right direction :)	labels:how can i do this.
text:Perhaps look for any job for now, even if they wage isn't good, because you have to start with something. You need some work experience.	labels:i get depressed when i am rejected every time.
text:it happens that you get rejected, but it is the opportunity to learn from your mistakes and go again :)	labels:do you have any tools that can help manage my depression.
text:Try meditation as it is able to help you relax and assess your situation.	labels:how many times should i do this.
text:Maybe every day or a few times a week, depending on what you feel is necessary.	labels:okay i will try this and see if this works. shall i also try walking or exercsing.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:i am feeling good.
text:That's awesome! What seems to be bothering you today?	labels:i reminisced about old times and this particular memory of a friend popped up and i felt the rush of emotions i felt then.
text:I can totally understand that! I look back in the same way and are reminded of good and bad times. I understand you are emotional when thinking back, are the emotions of your friend, good or bad?	labels:yeah, but i just get sucked in my emotions at that moment and it feels as if i am being transported back in time to that moment. the emotions are bad.
text:Have you tried keeping busy so you remain focused in your life?	labels:yes.
text:Do you find that method is helping you get past/avoid those bad feelings you are having?	labels:yes, i have further discovered new things that i am devoted to and that has helped keep me going.
text:I understanding finding new interesting and devoting yourself to them. When I lost my dog recently, who I had for 20 years, I found that spending my time at a local dog shelter really helped me cope and move forward. Is there anything else I can help you with or that you want to share with me today?	labels:i am so sorry about your loss. moving forward from that time was really hard for me, i fell into depression which was so deep that i almost committed suicide. i was so lonely, because she was the only person so close to me and she knew all of my imperfections and secrets, and i considered her  my sister but yet she did something that terrible to me.
text:All you can do is take one day at a time, show up, do your best, remember her and her love/support...	labels:well, i am a bit nervous about making friends in real life. i have got more friends online than in real life.
text:Making friends is tough, especially these days. What makes you the most nervous about it?.	labels:i have tried to erase the bad memories and leave only the good ones, that way i feel less cornered.
text:That's a great realization. It sounds easy but know that it will be challenging. It's okay to feel like you have 'failed' some days. The fact that you are aware, and working on it - that's huge!	labels:i am so bad at starting conversations, i feel that i might say the wrong thing. thanks for the support, i feel more motivated to keep going.
text:You are absolutely welcome! I wish you the best of luck.	labels:thanks so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.  How can I help you today?	labels:Hi. I am feeling really depressed.
text:Is there anything particular that you are feeling depressed about?	labels:Well I recently lost my grandfather and since then I have been feeling I am not doing well in life and that it's pointless..
text:Losing a family member can be very tough.  It seems like you are having a hard time going forward.	labels:Yes I am. I.
text:Do you have anyone around you that you feel comfortable talking to about this?	labels:I have talked to my family and my husband. They have helped some. I just feel depressed because I feel like I a not making an impact with my life.
text:It's great you have family in your life that you can talk to.  It sounds like having a strong family is something you can be proud of..	labels:Yes. That is true. I think the idea that I could also lose the at some point is very hard to deal with.
text:I agree.  I also worry about losing my family.	labels:What do you do to help feel better?
text:From my experience, I just focus on the now and try not to worry about things that may be out of my control. Have you ever tried meditation?	labels:No i have not. I am kind of a wired person and think I would struggle to meditate.
text:I understand.  That may be exactly what could help you, though. It may be good to Try something that may open yourself up to new experiences.	labels:Okay do you have any advice where to start?
text:There are several books that you can download from Amazon that can help with meditation, or if you really want to try something out of the norm, there are classes where they help you learn how to meditate.	labels:Thank you that is really helpful.
text:You're welcome.  I think that is a great start and I think it can be really helpful for you.	labels:I do too.  I will start there.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you?	labels:Hi, I am in a town all alone and far from family. I have been really depressed.
text:Why are you in a town all alone?	labels:Yes, I moved away and I thought I would be happier on my own but now all I do is think about them and miss them. Nobody ever has time to talk on the phone so I am all alone.
text:Do you have the option to move back? Because family is the most important thing at the end of the day.	labels:No, I was living with my mom and dad but when I moved out my brother got my room. He and I didnt get along so he would never want me to move back into the house with them either.
text:At this point, you will have to ask your family to make time to talk with you and im sure they will understand if they hear where you are coming from.	labels:That is a good idea, I can reach out to my mom. Maybe I should write her an email or something?My brother was a bully and so he is a big reason that I moved. My parents encouraged us to fight and argue, it wasn't a very fun place to live. I've always been closer to my mom so she is much more understanding. She helps me pay my monthly bills too.
text:Yeah reach out to your mum, and although you fight and argue, they are still your family at the end of the day. Thats nice of her :)	labels:Yes, that is a good point. I have always heard the blood is thicker than water. I have also been upset lately because I had to leave all my pets when I moved out. I left my dog and my cat back at home.
text:Have you visited them ever since?	labels:No, I am too far away to stop by or go for the weekend. I would have to plan a whole trip and I cant really afford it yet. My brother knew that the pets were mine but he demanded that he keep them there and I didnt want to fight with him so I said fine.
text:If they are your pets you should be able to keep them but you did the right thing as to not argue with your brother and your parents could  help you look after them.	labels:Yeah, you are right. Once he let the gate open just so my dog would run away, he says he didn't do it but I know him and he is really mean and vengeful. He would also pull pranks on me that were just cruel. He once told me that my cat was ran over but he was just hiding her at a friends house for a week.
text:Yeah, he doesn't seem very nice, but its good that you don't retaliate negatively.	labels:Yeah, I used to be really depressed living there. I haven't thought about why I moved but you are helping me remember that i'm better off now. I am lonely but so much happier not living in the turmoil over there.
text:Its a good thing you moved then because at least now you are away from him. You should always try to be happy.	labels:Yep, I am feeling better today . Thank you for listening. Maybe I should just get a new rescue dog or something like that today? I don't want to dwell on my brother or that negativity. I am feeling a lot more hopeful just sharing my feelings.
text:Yes its good to not dwell on the past like that. Have a good day :)	labels:Thanks! Have a great day too!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you today?	labels:im good.
text:What seems to be bothering you?	labels:im have been very depressed due to lack of jobs and i have a lot of bills pending.
text:When was the last time you were employed?	labels:May 2020.
text:Coronavirus has impacted lives of many hard-working people. Are you eligible to receive help from the government?	labels:My unemployment benefit has been stopped.
text:I understand how being umemployed at this time could be very stressful.	labels:Yes it is. especially when you are not getting any help.
text:I would apply anywhere that is hiring. You'd be surprised with the feedback you get. Being in the house will not help. If you've applied everywhere online, why not take a walk some where near to apply to small businesses that may not have applications online. Would that be an option for you?	labels:I think i would just try that for now.
text:It would also help you get out of the house and have something positive to think about!.	labels:yes i agree, because it is very depressing staying in the house with nothing to do.
text:Most people would agree! You have to be able to get out of the house and be social in order to be truly happy and then you will enjoy your time at home once again.	labels:Thanks so much for your encouragement.
text:As for your pending bills, you can always try to see what type of assistance you can be provided by the company billing you. There may also be assistance by your local government for electric bills, water bills, and so forth.	labels:I have some things that has been moved to collections.
text:Collection companies will usually work with you so you can make payments instead of paying one lump sum. After the payment plan has been sent or you've paid you're full amount it will even come off of your credit.	labels:well i hope so, because i have been so worried about it.
text:I know it is harder to see the brighter side of things when depression is involved but it will get better!. You will find a job and be the best you can be!	labels:sometimes i have a walk down the street to clear my mind, but when i'm back home i get back to thinking again. Thanks a lot for your help i really appreciate it.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:Hi, I am in a bad mood and am hoping you can help :)
text:What's wrong?	labels:My roommate has told me she wants me to move out but I have no where to go. I feel helpless.
text:Is there a reason she wants to leave?	labels:She says I'm too critical and I complain too much. Meanwhile, she's the miserable one.
text:Maybe you could help her feel more comfortable around you, as that is what I would do :)	labels:She's had both vaccines and watches CNN 20 hours a day...meanwhile I watch positive videos, do yoga, meditate and work all day. She's projecting.. I'm trying. I'm not saying anything negative even though that's just my NY personality. She doesn't have a sense of humor though.
text:It seems like you two don't share a lot of chemistry. But then again, you can't afford to let her leave.	labels:I think she just wants to live alone here and wallow in her misery and embarrassing TV choices. lol But yes, you're right, I'm just trying to make her comfortable. And yes, we have nothing in common. I may buy a car to live in. But I'm in AZ and it's about to be 110 degrees every day...
text:No i don't think thats a good idea, if you are still able to change her mind. Maybe try to talk it out with her in a calm setting.	labels:She screamed at me one day about 2 weeks ago, but hasn't mentioned it since. But, I do know she still wants me to go...the problem is if I bring it up, she gets really angry. It's like I can't win. I think she thinks when I try to talk about it, it means I want to leave and since there's nothing either of us can do about it, she hates me even more...because it implies I can't stand her. If that makes any sense.. She's extremely non-confrontational. (except for that one day where she just let it all out--hates my personality apparently)
text:Yeah, if she is non-confrontational that means that you will have to initiate it. Because she won't and she will end up leaving.	labels:But I don't want to make her mad again. Sometimes she just forgets things. lol Maybe she'll forget that she wants me to leave. The funny thing is, she just bought a trailer....and I offered to live in it. She didn't go for that idea..
text:yeah but you can't really take such a gamble tbh.  And why did she buy it, is it because she wanted you to live in it?	labels:She bought it as a horse trailer. So she can both live in it when she goes on the rode and carry her horses too. But she hasn't even used it since she bought it months ago. Do you know how long we're supposed to chat for btw?. road*, not rode. lol sorry. Ah, 15 minutes...I see it says on the left..
text:We were supposed to chat for at least 10 messages each i think.	labels:Oh good, I think we've done that? I tried this study before but don't know if I got paid...don't think so.
text:It takes a while i think like a week, but i am not sure.	labels:Okay, cool. Well, thanks for the advice. This is my reality right now actually..
text:Yeah, if she wanted to leave she would've done so long ago in my opinion. bye.	labels:bye :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I am feeling pressured and anxious about jobs.\nHello and are you attempting to get a new job.	labels:Yes I am looking. Mturk has been nice but I have to spend a lot of time on it for not a lot of money.
text:Yes I know it can be very frustrating at times to start a new job and find one that fits.	labels:Yes. I wish there were more opportunities or a way to find what I'm passionate about..
text:What kind of field of work are you hoping to get into. What kind of work motivates you on a daily basis.	labels:I have been in pharmacy field but there's not a lot of jobs where I live. Trying to find something remote. But even if I find something it will probably be difficult to do for me long term. Things that motivate me are organizing, exercising.
text:That sounds like a very promising line of work, have you thought about a fitness trainer or maybe a physical therapist that would go along with exercise.	labels:That would be good, but I am not the best at it. Just recreationally. It would also require school which is out of the picture right now.
text:There are alot of online courses that are affordable and even grants if you quailfy.	labels:That is true. I will look in to it. Maybe I could do my own thing too with organization. I am also moving at the moment, plus the pandemic so there are a lot of stressors.
text:It sounds like you have a lot going on right now, but who mentioned organization was one of your strengths its the same as listing career posibilites and making a list of things to accomplish it. I meant you mentioned lol. I meant you mentioned lol.	labels:Yes good idea. I will work on that, making a list of what I would like to do and strengths. Just brainstorming. It takes a long time to figure it out and do the hiring process, or possibly going to school. It is a big decision.
text:Yes I know it sounds really hard but I truly believe you can do it.	labels:Thank you! You have been helpful and motivating.
text:Well I am very glad I was able to help.	labels:I'll keep trying. I have a lot of time on my hands at the moment so I will put it to good use hopefully. Have a nice day!
text:You too take care.	labels:Bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nwhats on your mind?	labels:I have been having problems with my friends.
text:having problems with friends can be frusterating.	labels:They will not hangout with me because I will not get the vaccine. I do wear my mask and social distance but they still will not hangout.
text:then they are not your friends. it should be your choice and a true friend would support you rdecision.	labels:We use to hangout all the time go to movies eat at each others houses. But snice I didn't get the vaccine yet they don't invite me anymore. I see on Facebook where they are meeting and having dinner.
text:cdc reports 2,509 people died after getting the vaccine. that is 0.0017% but still too high for me.	labels:Yes I'm just afraid of the long term effects from it. We have nothing to go on and what if it causes cancer or something else. My friends think that is none sense and I just need to man up.
text:wonder.cdc.gov you can serahc for side effects. maybe if you show them data they will lay off y ou and let you come around. according to the search page, its caused 64 abortions.	labels:That's not a bad idea. I need to show them that because they all are prolife.
text:i think you are being smart. i am doing the same. wait to see what the long term effect are.	labels:Thank you. I was starting to worry I was the only one thinking like this.
text:22% of people get headaches most common is chills fatigue pain nausea. why get a vaccine that gives you the same symptoms you are trying to avoid? lol.	labels:O wow that's crazy. I will need to show them that for sure. I need to ask them if they had any problems from it.
text:my coworker got hers this week. she had a headche, stomach ache and felt weak. maybe do a group chat so they call as see what sympotoms they all had. maybe if they see it all out there, they will undersstand your position.	labels:That is a really good idea. I think that may work.
text:it can't hurt to try!	labels:I am going to try that today forsure. I hope it helps them see where I am coming from.
text:it cant hurt, that is for sure. what does your familythink?	labels:Yes hopefully that will help them see where I come from. Then maybe they will let me hangout with masks. They are ok with my choice..
text:well that is good!	labels:Yes they are really supportive and we have zoom calls each Friday night.
text:thats awesome! we did a masssive family zoom for my grandma's 93rd birthday.	labels:That is great it really does help bring people together.
text:it does. it was nice talking to someone wit hte same perspective for once!	labels:I feel the same way. Thank you so much, Have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhello, how are you?	labels:i'm feeling sad and tearful yet again.
text:oh! can ask you why?	labels:i miss my husband so much. i left him a couple of years ago.
text:you can share you problem with me freely.	labels:he didn't communicate....listened well but wouldn't talk or share of himself verbally...i got so frustrated.
text:Oh ! that's very sad but try to move out from this.	labels:so i left....and now i miss all the good things i have lost.
text:Try do those things that make you feel happy.	labels:i am depressed so it's hard to get moving on stuff i want to do...i feel so low.
text:Try to live i future forget past. try to make your self happy.	labels:its hard to plan a future when i am grieving....i don't know how to make myself happy.
text:don't be sad because of past.	labels:so i should focus ahead more and not behind?
text:Try do do those things that make you happy.	labels:maybe i need to make a list of what made me happy in the past. how long will i be this sad?  it's been two years already.
text:My sister went through but now she is ok because she left past.	labels:how long did it take her.
text:Try to left past in pin.	labels:i try not to think of him but he keeps popping in my mind, without even inviting the thoughts.
text:She went through this two years in this situation.	labels:he was so patient kind and supportive, i miss that about him. oh i see. it's lonely living alone that's making me sad too.
text:try to do some yoga it will help you.	labels:That's a good idea.
text:Try to go join some other activities that make you feel better.	labels:i not only miss my husband but i miss my friends because of covid I can't see them. that's a good idea....but the stupid pandemic makes that hard...maybe i should look for a virtual activity.
text:Yes i know that hard situation for everyone.	labels:yes it is....i am so relieved that people are starting to get vaccines, there is hope.
text:but try do all things at home . stay safe as well.	labels:yes that's important i agree. maybe once i get more active i will miss him less.
text:yes that's very goo people taking vaccine. yes try to watch  comedy movies that make you happy.	labels:a friend of mine suggested dating but I have ZERO interest in that.
text:or laughter programs.	labels:comedy yes, i have been doing some of that, and standup comics too, it does help. i am running out of funny shows and movies on netflix, hehe. but i agree that helps.
text:that's very good.	labels:i can't watch violent shows right now while i feel low, it just makes me feel worse.
text:Please try to watch those things that make you happy.	labels:okay good advice, i will.
text:Thanks for sharing your problem with me.	labels:you got me to stop crying...it helps having you listen. thank you for your support.
text:Thanks.	labels:so i will do yoga, funny programs, and new activities.....i have made a note.
text:Your welcome.	labels:that gives me some stuff to try, that's great.
text:I hope you will try these soon.	labels:i will do my best to.
text:thanks for all.	labels:oh y ou know what i do find helps my mood? walking. ok i have to go. bye and thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello?\nHello, How are you?.	labels:I am okay.
text:That is wonderful to hear. How is life going?.	labels:It's alright. A little stressful with my job crisis.
text:Oh I know how hard it can be to be stressed out. What is going on with your job?.	labels:Well, I've been looking for a proper job for some time now and I just can't find one. I work online every day and it is not something that is stable.
text:Oh yeah, not being able to find a job can be pretty stressful. Have you checked online, on job websites?	labels:Yes. I have submitted hundreds of applications and I don't even receive an email on most of them.
text:Oh yes, that happens most of the time when applying for jobs. It's okay, you will definitely find one. Have you tried asking friends/ family? Maybe places that friends and family work at, have job openings.  .	labels:I've asked a few, but most of the people I know work retail jobs. I make more money than that working online. I just want a normal adult job, you know? I went to college, so it shouldn't be that hard.
text:Of course! Everyone deserves to have a job that they worked hard for. What kind of jobs are you interested in?.	labels:I like museum jobs or jobs that work with animals, but all of those require years of experience that I can't get because no one will hire me.
text:Oh okay, well while looking for job try not to put yourself in position where you take deep breaths and let your mind at piece. Patience is everything. Sometime in life we all have our patience tested, but that is OK because at the end the results are better than anything.. I mean try to put yourself in that position..	labels:That is true. Maybe it just isn't the right time. Maybe I need to learn something before I find a job that I need to do.
text:Of course! Everything comes at a perfect time, and we have to learn to be patient, and while waiting we can indulge in other activities that we like.. While doing your online job maybe you can work in activities that build experience for a job you want to do next time..	labels:I volunteer once a week with animals.
text:That is a great idea! You are working hard and that hard work is going to pay off! Just try to relax and be patient, which can help with your stress..	labels:Thank you! I appreciate your comments. I will try to relax and know that things will eventually work out.
text:Of course! I love to help.	labels:Goodbye!	episode_done:True
text:hello, how are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling really sad and lonely right now. My boyfriend and I broke up and it was me who wanted it but now I regret breaking up and he doesn't want me back.
text:I am sorry to hear that, I can understand when we think we want something and then we change our mind but it's too late.	labels:That is exactly it. I broke up with him because I liked another person but then quickly realized that I made a mistake and it's too late. I want him back should I start calling and going to his house to beg?
text:nobody knows him better than you do, right now I do not think he is in a good place either since it wasn't his choice to end it, how do you think he would react if you started pressuring him?	labels:I haven't really thought of that yet. He has a pretty short temper actually. I know he is really mad at me so I think he might want to yell at me and get his anger out before he could start being nice to me again..
text:frustration and anger are common responses in situations like this, perhaps you can try a softer approach and let him know how you feel, without pressuring him into a response.	labels:Yeah, that's true. I have been secretly watching his social media and he has girls asking him out and I don't want to let them get to him before I can get him back. I want to make it up to him somehow and do whatever he wants to get back together.
text:you can always ask him calmly if he would like to talk, so you both have a chance to express your feelings in a safe way, with no yelling or arguing, do you think that's something he would do?	labels:I can try that, I think he might be responsive at first if I dont set him off. All of his friends hate me so I have nobody on my side right now. Should I try to get his friends to like me again? Is that an way  I could use to get him to want me again?
text:nobody likes to see that one's friend is sad because of someone else, I think this is an issue that only the two of you can resolve, if he takes you back then his friends will take you back as well, but you need to make sure you want him back.	labels:I can understand what you mean. I need to think this through.
text:what made you like someone else in the first place?	labels:Well, we are in a small town and he was popular and the cutest guy in our town. I liked being with someone so popular. He wasn't always nice to me and is why I wanted to be with someone else for a short time. He used to leave me at parties and go off with his friends sometimes.
text:was it a common thing that he didn't give you the attention you wanted?	labels:My friends always said that I could do better and that he didn't deserve me. He gave me statis in our town and everyone wanted to be his girlfriend so I think I liked the attention, yes.
text:were you happy with him or were you happy that you were with the popular guy?	labels:I really liked being with the popular guy who everyone looked up to. My parents don't like him at all and have wanted us to break up the whole time we were together.
text:it sounds to me like you liked the title more than the feeling of being with him, reflecting on your time together, would you do that again?.	labels:I have never thought of it this way. You are making a lot of good points that I never thought of before. When I think about him I miss the way I felt in terms of being popular. I don't really miss him as a person.	episode_done:True
text:HI. Anyone there? Hello? Is anyone there?\nHi there I am so sorry. was a little distracted but I am here.  How are you feeling?.	labels:Yes, it's a weird story. I am feeling very sad about it. I think that the person just changed over time. We grew apart.
text:I am sorry to hear that.  Do you want to tell me the story? I promise it won't be weird. I've been through a lot. . Oh yeah?  Was this a friend, partner, family member? .	labels:My boyfriend just stopped communicating with me. It's like he lost interest in me and moved on. Breakups are the worse around the holidays. It was around Thanksgiving last year. Have you ever been through a breakup during the holidays?
text:I am so sorry to hear that.  Have you tried anything to address the situation?  Perhaps bringing it up to him subtlly?  Or even just asking how HE is, to see if he has siomething he wants to talk about.. Oh goodness, yes.  I actually was ghosted by the woman I thought was my soulmate... on my birthday.  It was... strategic of her..	labels:I tried to call, text, and email him but he never responded. I just accepted it as he just moved on, and I had to do the same.. I am sorry to hear about your girlfriend. That must have been hard to experience your breakup on your birthday.
text:So you haven't heard from him since the end of November?.	labels:No, he just totally cut off all communication. I don't know whether or not he is safe or anything..
text:Is there a family member or trusted friend you could reach out to?  Has he logged into or posted on any of his social media accounts?	labels:We never went out on a date or anything. It was just strictly communicating my phone, text, and email. It was kind of weird, like he was hiding something. I don't know about any of his friends or family. He does not have any social media accounts..
text:Is he close to you or is this a long distance type thing?  Just for context's sake. No judgment of course..	labels:It was more of a long distance relationship. It is far to love from a distance though. It is hard to love from a distance-- sorry.
text:Well, it can also be... easier to open up to someone and the relationships can be very intimate, even from a distance.  So your feelings are valid, 100%..	labels:Yes. It was nice talking to you. I am about to sign off. Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:hello?\nHow are you doing today ?	labels:stressed.
text:It is a stressful time , why are you feeling stressed ?	labels:work, kids, school.
text:I can understand.	labels:how many kids do you have? what kind of degree do you have?
text:I have 2 kids , How many kids do you have ? I have a bachelor degree.	labels:6 year old twin boys and an 8 year old daughter. i'm divorced. they sleep at his house and he gets them off the bus. i start work at 6 so i cna get off at 2 and get them off the bus at 3. i'm going for my master's degree. i am about halfway done.
text:Managing things all become stressful, but Im sure you are really good at what you are doing!	labels:im so tired all the time. i feel lik everything i do just isnt enough. how do you handle things and stress?
text:Thats are not true, You have beautiful kids, work and pursuing master's . You are a great achiever.	labels:i guess.
text:Deep breaths and practicing mindfulness will help you relieve some stress.	labels:I WISH I HAD TIME LOL.
text:I sometimes do Meditation or go for a 10 mins walk.	labels:i guess it is worth a try. anythign else? *anything.
text:Thats true with your busy schedule finding the balance is challenge ..	labels:i am a multitasking queen, but even then i still dont have enough time it seems lol.
text:Hope you feel relaxed just chatting with me for a change.	labels:i appreaciate you taking your time to talk to me. nice change of pace. you are easier to talk to than my kids LOL. and not as annoying.... anyways, thanks for the suggestions. i appreciate it. i dope you have a great rest of your day! *hope ugh.	episode_done:True
text:I need some advice I have been feeling anxious lately.\nIm sorry to hear you have been feeling anxious. Lets work to find things that maybe help you feel better when your feeling this way.	labels:Do you have any ideas?
text:Based on studies generally walking away for a moment from a stressor can help to relieve that stressor momentarily enough to maybe make you feel alittle better..	labels:I have been going for walks alone and that is nice to have a break. Any other ideas?
text:Thats a good idea and sometimes when ive been stressed walking or any physical activity can help to promote more of a positive feeling based on the release of endorphines. How long have you been experiencing anxiety?	labels:I have been working out more. How do you relax? I have had anxiety for a month now. I think I need a vacation.
text:Do you think maybe it has to do with covid going on right now? Or did anythign specifically happen that has brought on more anxiety? more work? family? money? .....	labels:Covid is bad enough but my husband has been battling an illness for weeks.
text:Generally to relax i as well enjoy some forms of exercise, sometimes a cup of warm tea or even just listening to music can help distract your mind for a moment..	labels:Those are good ideas. Do you think a good diet helps too?
text:Im so sorry to hear that. I completely understand why you may be feeling the way you do..	labels:Any other advice?
text:I do think a good diet can help with many aspects of things, after all food is the energy and nutrients for your body. So if you eat bad quality food you dont reap all the benefits and nutrition that comes from a good nutrient rich diet..	labels:Do you think calling friends helps?
text:The best advice i can give is to remember to be positive , focus on also your own sanity and take one day at a time..	labels:That is sound advice..
text:i think having a good support system is a wonderful idea. That can include friends, family or any other professional you may use to communicate with.	labels:I think as he feels better I will too.
text:I think that may be so. Its tough to not worry when it comes to anyone you care about or love especially if they arent doing well.. Is there anything else i can help you with or do you have any other questions?	labels:Exactly and I think he finally has some medicine that is starting to help. Thanks for your help.
text:Im glad to hear that. And your welcome. I hope i could help and hope the best for you and your family..	labels:To you too.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can I help in any way today? Can you tell me about yourself?	labels:I am a mom of three boys and I work a full time job. I feel like if I didn’t have my kids to take care of I would run away and start a new life somewhere else.
text:I can see how you have a lot on your plate. Yo must get very exhausted. Are you wanting to run away alone or move away on your own? Do you feel trapped when you say you want a new life?	labels:I am. My husband just got laid off at his job, but he didn’t really help with bills anyway. I’m just so depressed and I feel like I’m going to go crazy and no one even cares.
text:Wow, that is a lot of pressure that you have to endure. Do you feel like you have anyone in your life who cares and listens?	labels:I could never leave my kids. But sometimes I feel like it would be so much easier to just be dead.
text:I am really thankful that you reached out today and I am happy that you are here with me today. You are making a lot of sense and I appreciate you opening up.	labels:My mom cares, but she is having a lot of health problems so I don’t feel like I should bother her with my problems.
text:Have you been able to tell any friends how you are feeling and how alone you feel?	labels:No. I have stopped talking to my friends and just kept to myself. I don’t think they even understand how I feel.
text:I can understand how you feel. I live in a new town and dont have any friends here and it can be very lonely and isolating. Do you have any hobbies or do you have any time for yourself?	labels:I just want to hide in a hole and not talk to anyone.
text:I have felt that way before and I reached out for help like you are today. I was so depressed that I need to start therapy..	labels:I’ve been listening to a lot of audio books, it’s a nice escape. I wish I could afford a therapist.
text:Do you ever write in a journal or are you able to exercise alone? Both of those can begin a path to healing.	labels:I was trying to exercise 5 times a week but when I feel depressed I can’t seem to summon the energy to exercise.
text:I can relate to that. Maybe you can start with journaling and writing out your feelings and thoughts. They may help clear your mind especially in the evenings.	labels:I will try writing. Lately I just go to work and as soon as I get home I just lay on the couch the rest of the day.
text:It can even be just a few bullets points to start yuor journal. Just think of it as highlighting your day and write a few bullets of what you are thankful for. That can be a five minute task. I will change your head space.	labels:That is a really good idea. I think I need to start focusing more on myself and quit trying to please everyone else.
text:Yes, you deserve some time to be selfish and take care of you and your needs. You can do it in the evenings when hopefully everyone is asleep and you can rest your mind and reset your thinking.	labels:Okay I will try tonight.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHI, how's. your day going?	labels:Well is is going how about you?
text:I'm working hard? What are you doing?	labels:i am at work today but we are on reduced hours and thats not easy since my paycheck is quite smaller.
text:I understand that. I have a smilier situations and bills don't stop for reduced hours.	labels:exactly, and my husband was sick for a long time and unable to work so it is very stress ful.
text:Is he feeling better now?	labels:Yes he is better, he is self employeed so he had no income whatsoever.
text:well that's good news.  I am sure you are continuing to try hard.	labels:we do but we can't egt any help from outside since for them we still make to much money but not enough to pay everything and eat and pay hospital bills.
text:it sounds like you are stress about the situation and overwhelmed trying to find a path forward.	labels:that would sum it up.
text:do you have a plan to resolve the situation?	labels:no not really.... I can only work i am at my end.
text:is there something else you can do at your job or take on another part time job to help. make ends meet? I know there are lots of open jobs out there.	labels:It is hard to find something we live pretty rural then driving times and gas will get complicated.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you feeling today?	labels:I'm feeling a bit confused and anxious.
text:okay, that is valid, do you have an idea what is causing the confusion?	labels:So I've been dating and my parents are aware. But recently after I said I want to go on a trip with my boyfriend, my parents have all sorts of opinions about it. And all their traditional beliefs that I did not know existed are now on the surface and they are kinda forcing me to follow it. For say they think "bad types of woman" go on trips with their boyfriends and I need to save myself. They have been guilt tripping me and I feel very confused.
text:Your feelings are valid and it is okay to feel confused in this situation considering you love your boyfriend and parents. Have you tried discussing with your boyfriend to talk to your parents as a means of reassuring them? Or getting someone neutral that your parents trust to talk to them?	labels:I have. It's been a long stressful month of discussion. The problem is I don't share their beliefs, and I haven't been really "saving myself". I'm been living away from them for collage quite a while and I've been basically doing stuff that if they found out they would be very upset about. But I didn't think it bothers them because they never shared any of this. And they said if I go on this trip I'm disrespecting them and the entire family. But his parents are totally cool and don't seem to mind.
text:I get how difficult and upsetting this situation is to you, i have been in a similar situation, however, in my case i took charge of my life, though they are my parents i did what i felt is good for me. Before i continue, do you mind me asking how old you are?	labels:I'm 26. And I see what you're saying. It's really hard breaking free because they always monitored me my entire life. I never had a voice for myself. They basically bullied and forced me to do what they wanted. BTW if you didn't guess I'm their favorite child.
text:Okay, you are old enough to be away from your parents, i am going to suggest you sitting with them down and having a heart to heart discussion with them. Let them know the consequences of them forcing you, your feelings towards it and how unhappy you are with them restricting you.	labels:Should I tell them everything I did that goes against what they believe? So they know that I don't share their beliefs?
text:No, i think that should be personal to you, i would not suggest you hurting or making them see you as a disappointment. I am sure you will be fine after discussing with them, they will come around.	labels:I guess worst case I won't talk to them for a while : ) Thank you , that helped.
text:They might be sad and upset now but they will get over it definitely. You are welcome.	labels:Have a good one!	episode_done:True
text:How are you!	labels:I'm okay. How are you?
text:Good. Thank you for asking. What brings you to talk today?	labels:I've been having anxiety issues because my job is unfulfilling and I think I can do more. It's complicated though because the company I work for depends on me, and it holds me back from finding something better.
text:I can understand how that is upsetting.. What about the job do you find unfulfilling?	labels:Well I work in sales at a manufacturing business. Most of my work is just paperwork and because of coronavirus most days I only have 2 hours of work but I am here for 8. So most of the day I just sit at my desk and contemplate what I could be doing instead.
text:I understand. It seems to me you are a proactive person who enjoys continuing work to obtain a goal. Is that correct?	labels:Absolutely. I'm not the type of person that likes to sit around and not do anything. I like to stay busy at work so the day goes by quickly. But since it doesn't I have turned impatient which in turn gives me anxiety issues.
text:I am the same way. My mind needs something to work with or it begins to wonder.. Have you talked to your work about additional projects you could work on during your time?	labels:No I haven't yet. But I was thinking about it actually. Do you think that would be weird to do?
text:I think that would be a good next step. Communication is always helpful. I think your work will appreciate that you are being proactive..	labels:I think you are right and having more projects to work on would make me happy.	episode_done:True
text:I am so mad that I can't see straight.\nHello! What is on your mind today?. Oh really? Why is that?.	labels:Well, my boyfriend has cheated so many times that I cant count them. I then meet someone nice and cheat on him once and now he breaks up with me.
text:being mad that your boyfriend cheated is normal. being mad when dumped is normal.. don't you think you DESERVE better than he was treating you?	labels:Thank you! I can see that I am talking to someone who understands. I am wondering if I should beg him back?? I really do love him.
text:I've been there too. Expecially with covid, it can be hard realiing you may be alone and it may be frusterating dating someone new. if you really love someone, shouldnt they love you back? did his actions show love?.	labels:Yeah, and we have been together since high school so it is really hard to think of ever marrying anyone else. He asked me to marry him but we never made it official or got rings.
text:if you did get back together and get married, how do you know he wouldnt cheat again? what if you had kids? they would have to see you go through heartbreak. i think its normal to want to marry your high school sweetheart.	labels:He told me he never wants kids with me but acts like he would have them someday, somehow? I think you're right.
text:i married mine. 3 years later he left me to move into his girlfriends house leaving me with our two month old daughter. trust me, its not worth it in the long run. maybe you can find someone deserving on someone like you!	labels:Noway! That is my worst nightmare, I am so sorry. That is a real eye opener for me/ That is exactly what I don't think I could handle. I just am in the worst cycle ever and don't have any friends to turn to or anybody who wants to listen to the drama. I think I have wasted a lot of my life and I can't ever get the time back that I have invested in him.
text:i think a lot of couples are feeling stuck with covid. once things open up and everyone is vaccinated and get togethers happen again, i bet there will be a LOT more breakups and a lot more options out there! all we can do is learn from our mistakes and not let the past repeat itself.	labels:Yeah, I can see your point. It is nice being able to vent to you and feel like I am being heard. I never got that in my relationship with him. I need to learn from the past this time and stop repeating it.
text:with your newly aquired free time, you can focus on you! start a new hobby, dye your hair,do something you always wanted to do!	labels:I haven't even had the time to get myself cute and fixed up in forever! I love that idea! I need to get my haircut.
text:know what the best part is?	labels:No, I have idea?.
text:get yourself fixed up and cute, and find a hot new guy. your ex will see on social media and know he messed up and see you happy. its quite theraputic :D.	labels:HAHA!! YES!! I was thinking the exact same thing! The best revenge is moving on and looking good and with somebody hot!
text:EXACTLY! You deserve so much better! Make yourself feel like it and everyone see it! :D :D.	labels:Sounds great! I am revived and am going to schedule a spa day and reinvent myself! Out with the old! Thank you for your encouragement today. I am going to move on from this mess and make my life better. Thanks again!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?	labels:Hello, not great. How are you?
text: I am doing okay, thanks for asking but what's going on with you?	labels:My wife just told me that yesterday on a party my best friend flirted with my wife and asked her if she wants to have sex with him.
text:Oh no and how did this make you feel?	labels:I am disgust and very angry to my friend. We've been friend since high school.
text:I could imagine it did make you feel that way. This person doesn't seem like a friend as he knew that that was your wife.	labels:I totally agree, it's unacceptable in any society I think. I am so angry now I want to smash his face.
text:Yes, most definitely. Your feelings are very valid in this situation. However, physical violence would not be the best solution because you could get in trouble.	labels:That's what my wife is also telling me. But what can I do then? I want to smash things now.
text:First, I would suggest that you distanced yourself or even stopped being friends with this person. Second, for the anger that you feel, there are a lot of things you could do like going running, going for a walk, or even crying. It's important that you do not hold these feelings in.	labels:I don't want to cry sorry, I want hit something.
text:Have you considered punching a bag in the gym? That can be a great way for you to release that anger.	labels:It would be great, unfortunately I don't go to gym. Should I ring him and tell everything I feel about him? What do you thing.
text:You could definitely call him and express your feelings to him as that would be another great way to get how you're feeling off of your chest..	labels:I will then definitely ring him. Also I feel so sad because we have a lot of friends in common.
text:I definitely understand how you feel, I've been in the same situation where I'm not friends with a particular person but we have the same friend group. It may be hard in the beginning but the tension and awkwardness should get easier as time goes on. I would suggest that you hang out with these friends without this other friend you're having issues with.	labels:That's for sure but then friends need to decide who to invite.
text:That's okay. Sometimes it may be you or other times it may be him that gets invited but that's how things will be since the situation transpired.	labels:He did a such stupid thing, now he now only myself and he is affected but also our friends.
text:That's very true. Don't bring the situation to your friends though because they had nothing to do with it. Only the friend who did the action should be affected..	labels:yeah true. Thank you for you help I will ring him soon.
text:No problem, I really hope that you can get a peace of mind from this situation. I wish you the best of luck!	labels:You too, have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hey! How are you?	labels:Hello, could be better and how are you?
text:I'm good but what make you say you could be better?	labels:I've made an accident at work in the warehouse 2 days ago and didn't report it. I have fear and anxiety that if management will find out I will get in trouble.
text:Why didn't you report it?	labels:I don't know now, I've just started there 1 month ago and probably I thought I will lose my job straight away.
text:You should report it because at least the boss knows that you are honest with your actions.. I don't think you won't lose it straight away if it is your first mistake.	labels:Yes I know and I regret it now, but I think to go report now it's too late.
text:It's never too late, and it would be better to do it now than let him find out himself :)	labels:On a training they told that need to report any accident straight away and if delay it will result in losing job for sure. I know I did wrong and it bothers me as I don't want to lose my job.
text:Yes but if you report it now you still have a chance of being let off, but if u don't report it now, you would almost certainly lose your job. In any case, always prepare for the worst circumstance at this point.	labels:But also there is a chance they will not find out?
text:They most likely will, so it is better not to use that chance.	labels:It's quite large warehouse and I know they have old cameras there.
text:In any case, it is always better to tell the truth, because you don't want to have the truth boiling up inside of you for a long time. Thats what I say.	labels:Yeah I guess you are right. I just don't know what to do if I lose my job as now it's very hard to find a job.
text:Knowing the severity of the mistake, i think you should tell as good things come to people who are honest :) But about your depression, try to occupy yourself with more work and maybe your boss will see that you have changed your ways.	labels:Well knowing me the luck is not always on my side. Should I report at start of the shift or end of the shift what do you think?
text:I think you should work extremely hard during the shift so the boss thinks you have changed your ways, at the end of the shift. As long as you tell its up to you.	labels:Hope he will notice it as we have big team. If not will try to find new job I guess...
text:Yeah, but start preparing for the worst now:)	labels:Thank you for your help today, I might text you tomorrow after work if things go bad.	episode_done:True
text:Hey! How are you?	labels:Hello there. I've made a mistake at work today and I have a fear that I will get in serious trouble.
text:What was the mistake? Was it too serious?	labels:One Lorry wasn't collected and around 300 customers will not get their orders on time.
text:Is that your first time making that mistake? If so i'm sure your manager will tell you to make sure in case for next time.	labels:Yes is it. But before me nobody made a mistake such as this one in my team.
text:Mistakes happen, they are unavoidable, and your manager should know this so since it is your first time he should take it easy. Just make sure it doesn't happen again because you need to learn from this mistake :)	labels:I fear I will have a serious conversation tomorrow with my manager and I will be told off. I feel so stressed now I can't normally breath.
text:If you can't breath normally, then I think it is best to start to meditate in order to control your breathing and make you less stressed.	labels:I've never done anything like this before, would you be able to assist me a little bit?
text:Yes, meditation is extremely useful, and I also use it when I feel stressed.	labels:So how I should do it?
text:Maybe play calm classical music and start slowly reminiscing about the days previous, and your future ahead. or you could just wacth a youtube tutorial, either one works fine.	labels:I just don't really like classic music but I can try. Yes probably I will look in youtube how to do it thanks. Do you think I will lose my job?
text:It is all in the aid of calming yourself down, and your welcome :). and knowing it is your first offense, probably not but always prepare for the worst.	labels:I am working in the company for 5 years and if I will lose it and don't know what to do next. as now it's hard to find new job.
text:5 years is a very long time, so I don't think that you will be given the pink slip. I know it would be hard to find a new job, which is why you should always be prepared.	labels:I hope so, I am very not looking forward to come to work tomorrow :/
text:If you believe in yourself, things will work out somehow :)	labels:I will try to believe in my self and will check how to relax on youtube.
text:Yes, thats the spirit!	labels:Thank you so much for our help and that you listened to me.
text:Your welcome! There is always someone to talk to.	labels:Thank you, have a great day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhello, how are you doing and how was your night?	labels:It's been tough.  I've been looking for a job for months, but feel like I'm getting nowhere.
text:I'm sorry to hear that but if i may hear your you clearly, what you are saying is that you don't have any job for a long time now.	labels:Well, I am fortunate to have a job, but I am seeking a different job because the one I have does not pay what my skills are worth.  It barely pays enough for me to pay my essential bills.
text:ok, that is a bit of relief. have u check for job vacancy in your state.	labels:I have, but there are few decent jobs out there. Most available jobs are in locations where one can not drive safely or their personal safety is at risk.
text:oh, safety is everything. have you ever consider changing your location. i once change my location to pursue my goal and it pan out well.	labels:Last week, I submitted an application package for my dream job.  I have over 15 years of experience and the employer offers housing (which I have seen before, and it is quite nice).  I have heard nothing at all. I would have to relocate 4 hours away, but I would do it in a heartbeat for this job.
text:wow, i pray that work out. i believe it will work out.	labels:What makes this job so special to me is that it is not like a regular job:  it is at a conference center resort owned by my church denomination.  I have attended religious retreats there and am now in the process of seeking a new confirmation into this church because it is a different church than that of my childhood. Working there would be ministry, not typical work.  And because the majority of staff and guests are from one of our sister churches, one is working mostly with friends and building long relationships.
text:wow, that's a big deal. i know you might not be the only one fighting for this position but i trust you will get it.	labels:Thank you.  I believe there are three things in my favor:  I know the job well, as I became friends with the person I would be replacing, My pastor wrote a glowing reference, and I was also able to get a reference from the person who trained me for my current (related) job fifteen years ago.
text:even by working there, you will surely meet new friends. do you know many people from the church?	labels:We worked together for almost 13 years before she retired, but who would be in a better position to assess my skill than my trainer/work partner?  I know a few of the higher ups from the area churches, and a handful of families.  I know half the core staff I would be working with daily and think of them as extended family.
text:you just have to be patient and don't push it too hard so that you won't look desperate.	labels:The benefits are nice, also, such as staff are provided meals prepared by the banquet chef and his team when at work. And though everyone has a role, the office staff support each other well and work as a team.
text:wow, banquet at work. that is a wonderland stuff.	labels:At the risk of preaching religion, I believe God may be calling me to serve there.
text:that is definitely a dream job. God is everywhere. just put your trust in Him. He never sleep nor slumber.	labels:When off duty, staff are encouraged to enjoy the facilities and mingle with guests.  There is an Olympic sized pool, field games, a gymnasium, an exercise room, and if off duty, one can attend most any of the events on the campus, unless designated as a private event.
text:wow! Olympic size pool. Keep praying. the job is yours..	labels:Because my job is to sell repeat business, it is essential that I get out and meet guests and make certain that their needs are met, but it usually comes in the form of serving snacks at intermission and saying hellos as one passes.  It would feel like a family reunion, but in a family where everyone gets along.
text:that is good, i work in such place where everyone is like a family..	labels:The music events year round are outstanding.  They have many well known names in Christian music as well as speakers who are well worth hearing.  To be able to hear these messages at no cost makes the job priceless.
text:i can feel your excitement..	labels:As I said to my pastor, just to work somewhere where people say thank you and ask how you are doing rather than criticize every move would be such a blessing. And since I work nights already, I am more than happy to cover the office overnight to attend to guests who have locked themselves out, or have other concerns. I used to live on site at the motel where I work now, and on my days off, all I did was make keys and walk the grounds to ensure safety. At this facility, there are beautiful benches to sit and watch the moon and stars and enjoy the sunrise or just take a moment.  There are covered gazebos and a couple buildings have deep covered porches for days when it's a bit rainy or the sun is strong. And we're across the street from mountains and a river.  The campus is simply beautiful.
text:we are trying to make impact and survive which is what you have been doing with your current work. but sooner or later you will get your real job.	labels:I pray you are right.  I feel as though I have been running on a hamster wheel, but it has brought me to this. Fifteen years of directly related experience, with about another 15 to 20 years of customer service, call center, and customer facing work.
text:I hope and pray everything happens the way you wished. you have been working hard. I will put you in my prayers.	labels:Thank you.  I don't mind the work, but it would be nice to also have appreciation,  that is what makes the current job difficult is that I feel taken for granted. Thank you.
text:You are welcome. Do have a nice day.	labels:You too, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there.\nhello, how are you? How is your day today?	labels:Could be better, I feel anxiety about my Uni exams. I feel I will fail it all this year.
text:Oh! don't feel like this try to feel relaxe. Try to make yourself confidence and relax.	labels:I just can't, I fall behind on study because I played too much online games and didn't attend classes. It's easy to say to try to relax :(
text:Try to give more time to your studies.	labels:I am trying to catch up 3 month study in one week, but more I am trying the more I feel I will fail.
text:I can feel your anxiety from your chatting.	labels:Oh thank you.
text:I have been from same situation but i try my best and i did. I have that you can do it don't worry. hope*	labels:I am sleeping now like maybe 4 hours per day trying to catch up.
text:Oh! that very hard but try you best.	labels:Anything I can do to help my sleep?
text:Try to feel condense that you know everything it help you to relax. If you relax you can sleep more.	labels:That's a good idea I can try.
text:Thanks for taking my suggestion. I hope it will help you.	labels:Maybe I can take some medications as well?
text:Try to relax without medication because medicine is not good for health.	labels:Ok, as you said that you were in this situation I will try to do my best. Thank you very much for your help.
text:Try to do some yoga. Your welcome.	labels:I can try thank you. Will do today. Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I need some advice as I have a depression as I found out my wife cheated on me with my friend.\nHI, how are you?	labels:I am depressed a little bit, feel devastated.
text:Its very sad but try to come out from depression. because its not good for your health.	labels:I can't sleep at night proverly as well. Feels like all my friends are talking about me.
text:Oh!, please don't feel like this try to do some yoga before sleeping.	labels:I've never tried yoga before, how exactly does it helps?
text:yoga make you feel relax try this. yes try it make you feel better. Yoga is relaxing tool.	labels:I can try tonight but don't know where to start. Do you know ny resources where to get instructions for yoga to make depression go away?
text:try to watch some videos and follow some yoga trainer. Just from your chatting i feel how much you are in depression.	labels:Ah ok I will try thanks. Anything I can do at work? As I feel unfocused all the time and thinking about betrayal and divorce.
text:Try those things that make you feel happy before work like funny videos. I hope i can help you.	labels:Unfortunately I have no time, I wake up at 5 AM and my shift starts at 6. I just feel that all my colleagues have talks about me all the time behind my back.
text:Long time age I'm in same situation so i try those things so those help me to come out from this.	labels:Should I try to date somebody or it is too early how do you think? I know one woman is really into me at work but I am quite not into her, only consider as a friend.
text:Yes its too early try to fix your old relationship before move on new.	labels:My wife already moved out and divorce probably will take few month, I guess I still love her.
text:Oh! so than i think you need to move on from this.	labels:ok, thank you very much for you help and assistance. Will try yoga today.
text:Try do relaxing thing that make you come out from this. Thanks that you share your problem with me.	labels:Thanks gain.	episode_done:True
text:I'm in depression because recently i lost my job. I'm very worried about this crises situation. How i can get new job.\nyou lost your Job.	labels:Yes recently.
text:i am soo sorry to hear that.	labels:Its very difficult time for me.
text:I lost mine too due to covid. trust me i can feel your pain.	labels:Oh! that's very sad. Thanks for feeling my pain.
text:what effort have you made in regards to searching for new job?	labels:Its very depression situation because of Covid lock down. I'm taking new courses to get new job. but market situation is very difficult.
text:taking new course is a good idea.	labels:Yes but lets see it will help me to get new job or not.
text:yea, market is very bad and difficult right now but if i can get a job just last month then you can get one too. yea, market is very bad and difficult right now but if i can get a job just last month then you can get one too.	labels:Thanks for your support.
text:if the course is in relation to the kind of job you wand then go ahead. that is a good thing to do.	labels:lets see how long is going this crises situation. I try to continue to take these course but its difficult to manage this situation.
text:Hello, are you still there.	labels:yes. I'm just thinking about how i can get new job. Are you there?
text: you should check for job vacancies in your state, and also let your friends be aware because you don't know where the connection might comes from.	labels:Thanks for your support bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I have a bit of anxiety as a college student learning during the pandemic. I'm nervous about applying for grad schools.\nHello, how are you?	labels:Hi! I'm doing ok, how about you? Are you still there?
text:I'm good, thanks for asking.  Why are you worried about applying for grad schools? Yes i am here.	labels:It has been difficult to stay focused in classes this last year with distance learning and just dealing with anxiety and loneliness. My grades suffered a little.
text:I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have any friends or family you talk to?	labels:Not really, I live with my older sister and she's an essential worker, so I don't want to trouble her.
text:Maybe you can try and talk to her, your sister probably wants someone to talk to too.	labels:That makes sense. It's just that times are tough right now for everyone. Not sure what to do about the grad school applications. I need some motivation to get started on these applications... This is going to be rough haha. Any tips for writing the personal statement?
text:Alright well what is the problem with grad school application.	labels:Motivation to get started, and just staying on track with completing them.
text:What is your major?	labels:I'm apply to public health programs. Have you applied to grad schools before? Would love some tips! You're not very responsive.
text:That's great. And some tips i would give you is to thank about  all the benefits of completing the programs. yes i apologize for the long response.	labels:Thanks, that will be helpful to decide on the programs I want to apply to. Are you based in the US?
text:You welcome. and yes.	labels:How have you been handling your anxiety during the pandemic? I could use some tips!
text:some things you can do is try to do the things that makes you happy and stay positive through this time.	labels:Anything that has worked for you?
text:one thing i have done was have a watch party on hulu with friends which was really fun.	labels:That does sound fun, especially while staying home. Do you chat with your friends on Zoom?	episode_done:True
text:hello.	labels:hi.
text:can you talk about your feelings at this time.	labels:Currently I am worried to show up to work. We had a staff appreciation Thursday and we all got super drunk in front of our boss, and I am honestly scared he will judge me or fire me.
text:that's really hard, have you spoken to any of your coworkers.	labels:Yes, we are all laughing at the matter, but you can tell our boss is looking at us different. We all showed up to work Friday hungover, and he just made lots of comments and jokes to play the part, but you can tell he is looking at me and everyone different. I do not know how to redeem myself.
text:I would recommend speaking with him privately about the issue one on one.	labels:That sounds a lot easier said than done. I was the one who was the most drunk. But I do now know if he knows how drunk we all got since he left after one of us got hit in the face with a golf club and had to take her to the ER. So what if I say too much and apologize for what he does not know.
text:have you tried reaching out a company hotline or maybe an hr department in your company to speak about this issue anonymously this could help with the tension between you and your boss.	labels:He is the doctor of the office and the 2 office managers were pretty drunk too. It was a hot mess if I have to be honest and being an office full of girls I feel like we went too far. I for one feel embarrassed, and feel like just not saying anything and it will fade away. But I know the next few weeks will be a little hard, for all of us. This one is for the books, and something I have never encountered in my 10 years of working..
text:I see how you feel do you think letting it fade is the best option in the long run?	labels:I think so. Somethings are sometimes better left unsaid. I just feel like avoiding it, but I do not know if anyone else would do the same. What would you do?
text:I would apologize for my behavior to the manager if it was me. Just to seem professional and get in my bosses good grace..	labels:You have guts. I think I will work on that and build the guts to talk to my boss if I ever have to. Thank you for that..
text:You are doing your best and I think you will make the right decision that works for you.	labels:You are right. In the end I will do the right thing, even if it takes me some time to get there..
text:Is anything else bother you?	labels:Just that. I think you helped me with the only issue I currently have.
text:I am happy to help!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, how are you doing?	labels:I’m ok. A little down because I am a bit lonely. I have others around me all the time but they want my attention and don’t ever want to really talk to me or listen to me unless I am solving their problems. I just wish someone would want to have a conversation about anything besides their own issues. Friends, family, it’s all the same here. Do you understand what I mean?
text:Yes i understand what you mean.	labels:I’m glad someone does. I try to speak up but get no where.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything i can help you with? To make you feel better?	labels:It is annoying and sometimes I get really down about it.  I just want someone to talk to....I just want to know that someone will listen once in a while. I’m honestly not that needy but everyone needs to know that someone will listen at some point. I am appreciative of the fact that you are taking time to hear what I have to say. I wonder what I should do sometimes.  I try to tell friends and family that I cannot always be the problem solver, I try to make them see that I deserve a chance to ask advice, to just vent, or to just have a light talk about the weather or a party or something.  They don’t seem to hear me.  One friend said she thought I was blowing it out of proportion. But that’s the way I feel. What approach would you take if you were me?
text:Yes, everyone needs someone to talk to.I think you deserve people who will be there for you when you need them to, and not only just take take and not give anything..	labels:How do I get through to these people or do I need new friends?? Lol. Because sometimes I think a new friend group isn’t a bad idea....
text:This is probably hard to hear but you need someone you can count on, I think it would be a good idea for you to get new friends that would be their for you and wont take you for granted.	labels:I think it is hard to do that but maybe I should seek out a few new people to be around, some more give and take would be really nice.  Not sure how I will do this though...
text:Do you go out to any public places?	labels:I’m raising my grandchild. Maybe in a group of others in a situation like mine I’d be able to find what I am looking for? Well, with COVID and my one medication causing a low white blood cell count I cannot go out very much.. Once I can go out more I am sure it would be easier.
text:Yes that work, and yes i know its a bit risky, maybe you can try joining any online groups of people that have things in common with you.	labels:That’s a great idea. I think I will seek out some online groups for support and some where I have similar interests like a book group or something. That’s a great way to start! I’m actually a little excited to give this a try!
text:Yes book clubs are great.	labels:I love to read so I think it would be fun too. You’ve been very a very kind listener...thank you for that! Do you think it will be easy to find online groups?
text:yes i do think its  easy to find online groups, and the people are really nice to. I have tried it.	labels:Awesome!! Thank you again!  I actually feel a good bit better because you took the time to listen!
text:I think you will enjoy it, and you are welcome..	labels:I’m going to have to leave now...I hope you have a wonderful night/day!!  Thanks for everything!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling right now?	labels:I am feeling a high level of anxiety.
text:I am really sorry to hear that - I've been there too. Can you tell me more?	labels:My car had some issues recently and the mechanic bill is adding up and getting bigger and bigger. I am not sure how I am going to pay for it all.
text:That sucks. Has the pandemic been making your financial situation worse?	labels:Yes. My wife lost her job due to it and it has put a larger burden on us financially.
text:There is government help available for people who are financially suffering I believe - have you looked into this?	labels:Yes, unfortunately I make too much money to qualify with my job. It still is a huge burden not having the income we depend on from my wife.
text:I am really sorry. Is she able to get any other sort of work, even if it's less well paid?	labels:We're trying. She has a few interviews set up next week.
text:Do you have any friends or family who might be able to help?	labels:No. We just moved to a new city in the past year so we don't know many people.
text:That is a dilemma. What sort of field did your wife work in?	labels:administrative work.
text:Has she considered temping? I did that when I was between permanent jobs and it was quite good..	labels:No we haven't yet. That's actually a pretty good idea.
text:It's not as well paid but you can choose your own hours. There's also online gig work out there too.	labels:Anything would help at this point. We also have a three year old to care for.
text:Have you considered going to a food bank? They can be very useful.	labels:We feel bad going to food banks. I make enough money to pay the bills and I know there are others out there in more need. It's just when the unexpected happens it makes things really tight and difficult. We have used up all our savings during the pandemic and I rely on my car to get to and from work.
text:You should not feel bad. Have you not donated to food banks yourself when times were better? I used a food bank in a crisis time and now I give back whenever I go shopping.	labels:Thanks for the reminder. We have donated to several places in the past. I appreciate the kind words.
text:Everyone needs help sometimes :) And you can pass it forward when things are better for you. On that note I suppose I had better go but I was glad to speak with you!.	labels:Likewise! Thanks again, I really appreciate your time. :]	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?. Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?	labels:Hello. I'm ok. How are you?
text:I am fine .. I am here to listen to your problems..	labels:Thank you. I am having problems with people making fun of my appearance. Why are people so mean?
text:I do not know - there are a lot of nasty people out there. Have you tried confronting people who are bullying you and asking them why?	labels:Well, with covid, it's even harder to go talk to people. So, I don't think that's a good idea. I don't have a lot of money, so I can't buy fancy clothes. I don't think I can fix it.
text:You do not have to buy fancy clothes for the sake of other people! Maybe you could get some counselling to work on your self esteem though?	labels:I see a counselor regularly. The sessions are virtual. I do wish there were some ways to figure out how to make the clothes I have look better or match better, be more organized with my wardrobe. I have a lot of problems with too many clothes that don't look good on me.
text:Have you tried shopping in second hand stores? You can often get some nice stuff there for cheap.. But really I think that the problem is your self esteem, not what you are wearing..	labels:Yes! I love second hand stores! So I should not care so much what they say about me?
text:Right! To be honest I suspect that it's far more their problem than it is yours..	labels:I agree. Those women were not even in shape. They had makeup, hair done, etc., but they were not nice women. Maybe they are just taking their problems and insecurities out on me.
text:Yes I think that they were. I have had issues like this myself in the past and I know how much it hurts and how hard it is to overcome it.	labels:Yes. It does hurt. I want to get better at picking clothes that make me happy. A lot of my clothes are baggy. Maybe I could learn to sew and alter them.
text:I went through a phase of wearing only baggy clothes because I thought i was overweight. Looking back I was not but I thought I was.. Anyway I hope I have been able to make you feel a little better! All the best for the future..	labels:I have had that same exact problem! When I wear clothes that fit nicely, I do get complements. I think I will go through my wardrobe and find the best clothes I have and wear those.. Yes. It has been nice to talk to someone who has been through some of the same things.
text:That sounds like a great suggestion - good luck with it :).	labels:Thank you. I hope you have a nice evening too!
text::) Can you press quit first? I am not able to :(.	labels:Ok. lol. Thanks! Bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there how are you doing today?.	labels:I'm good thank you, how about you?
text:I am okay thanks. Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about right now?.	labels:Yes, I don't know what to do anymore, I'm just lazy on everything. I don't have any motivation anymore.
text:It sounds to me like you are suffering from depression. That sounds scary but it really is common. Would you consider professional help?	labels:I don't know, I don't even talk to my family anymore, I'm just at my room watching and playing all the time.
text:That definitely does sound like depression to me. I have been there myself and I promise you that there is help available.	labels:I do still to my friends though through voice call, that's the only thing I've been doing lately play games with them. still talk*
text:I guess that the pandemic has not helped at all with things?	labels:yeah the pandemic too affected me but this was going on before the pandemic.
text:Can't have improved the situation though. Do you know that there are many free counselling services out there that you could utilise?	labels:I know but I don't have the courage to do so, I'm kind of shy, really shy.
text:I hear you - I found it very difficult to go to counselling too but when I did I found it very helpful.	labels:I know I should seek help, but I don't have the guts, what should I do to have the will to do it?
text:I do not have any easy suggestions. It took me a good deal of time to be brave enough too. But you can ask yourself - can't things only get better? Or even if they don't, you don't really have anything to lose :).	labels:I know, I should set aside my pride and seek help, I hope I muster the courage to do it.
text:I hope you can too :). I wish you all the best in the future. (can you press quit first - I can't do it from my end :))	labels:Okay, thank you for your time, I really appreciate it ;)
text:You too and best wishes!.	labels:Have a good day. likewise.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how is life treating you today?.	labels:Hey. I'm doing fine. I guess really stressed..
text:I am so sorry to hear that. What are you feeling stressed about specifically?	labels:My parents are kinda putting a lot of pressure on me to continue my education. I already got my bachelors, and I'm ok with getting my masters. But I really don't know if I want to get my Doctorate. I'm in a major that I kind of like. I'm not ambitious about..
text:If your heart is not in it then it does not seem worth taking the extra three (at least) years. Do you have a profession you want to go into?.	labels:I honestly don't know what I want to do in life. I don't really know anymore what I actually like. My parents really pressured me to choose what they thought is best ever since I was young.. It's really hard to make delicious on my own now when someone has been telling you something all thought your years.
text:I hear you :( I've been through that too. It can be hard to break away and stand against such a thing..	labels:I'm sorry you felt the same way. It sucks :/ I feel a lot of pressure to please them, and I'm scared to voice my opinion. because whenever I try to talk to them, they always shun me down saying I don't know any better.
text:It sounds to me like it might be better for you to get away from them and form your own career and life.. Yes it is very difficult to standing up for yourself if you're being emotionally bullied..	labels:I am actually very far away from them! ( a different county to be exact). But I skype with them regularly. Because you know parents miss you. .
text:Ah .. that makes it both more complicated and more simple.. At the very least you are living independently. Do you have financial independence as well?.	labels:But I still feel like I have to please them and make decisions based on what I say. I guess it's like abuse but it a different context. I always worry that what I do may not please them.
text:Have you tried talking to them about how you feel or do you feel that they would not listen to you?.	labels:I do. It's kinda complicated because when COVID hit I lost my job and they were supportive saying they would help me out until I got back on my feet. They don't hold that against me, thankfully.. I have. Let me explain more.
text:Okay I am happy to listen :).	labels:Thank you : ) I went to therapy for 4 years when I was away from them. 2 months ago I got the courage to talk to them about how I felt. It was to a point where I couldn't function anymore. They listened and said they are sorry. And it was all good for a while until it seems like they went back to the same thing again.
text:It is great that you at least did get up the courage to approach them - that is a brilliant first step..	labels:I come from a family who don't have a lot of ambitious in life. Talking about my cousins and aunts. So my parents really focused on my to be the perfect individual.
text:Ah that might help explain things. So they are pinning the hopes of the whole family on you because you are academically successful?	labels:My dad also regrets not being able to continue his studies because of my grandparents wrong doings. He had to leave school. . Academically and musically. IDK other talents I guess.
text:I wonder if you could suggest to your dad that he goes back to school himself rather than living through you?	labels:Like as a whole human being I should be perfect.
text:I hope I have been able to be of help to you but I am afraid I need to see someone else now. Thank you for talking though and I wish you all the very best in future.	labels:Ok. Thank you for your time. Have a good one..
text:you too! Can you press quit first as it has to be done from your end :).	labels:Oh sorry. I thought I just did..	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi, how are you doing?.	labels:I am doing alright. How are you?
text:I'm doing ok, thanks for asking.. Is there anything that's bothering you?.	labels:Yes, I broke up with my partner...
text:Oh no I'm sorry to hear that.. do you want to talk about what happened?	labels:I am very depressed... cannot go on with my daily life..
text:It sounds like this is really affecting you, that must be hard. How long were you and your partner together?.	labels:Yes, it is hard.. we have been together for last 6 months..
text:I've been through break ups as well where things can seem pointless afterwards. It took me some time but I eventually got through it. Were you happy in the relationship?	labels:How did you cope up with the situation?
text:I talked to my friends about it a lot, and tried to keep myself occupied with lots of activities. I also deleted old messages from my partner so I didn't dwell on the past as much.	labels:How does talking to friends help?
text:It depends on the situation, but for me I had a lot of unresolved feelings from not getting proper closure, so ranting to my friends about how my partner hurt me helped satisfy that. Do you have friends you feel comfortable talking to about this?.	labels:I have couple of close friends I can talk to.. but have not thought about doing so..
text:I think it could be helpful, friends can be really supportive.	labels:Yes, I will give it a try...
text:It's awesome that even though you're feeling so depressed, you're willing to give something a try to help you out of it.	labels:Any other suggestion you might have?
text:Getting involved in a new hobby, or something you used to enjoy, can be helpful.	labels:I don't have any hobby per say.. but I would like to travel new places..
text:That sounds like so much fun!.	labels:I will plan for some travel..
text:That sounds like a great idea. I know it's hard now but I think you'll start feeling better soon.	labels:Thanks for you suggestion.. have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hi.
text:How are you?	labels:Ive been better. Stressful day.
text:Ohh.. sorry to hear that. Would you mind sharing what is going on?	labels:Long story short, im a recovering alcoholic, 52 days sober, however my mental health has hit me with vengeance and am really struggling day to day..
text:You are getting out of alcoholism and feeling bad about it emotionally, is that right?	labels:i used alcohol as a self medication. It helped keep bad symtoms of ADHD away. I miss what alcohol used to do for me.
text:I understand you pain and frustration. I have very close friend who has ADHD and trying to cope with it..	labels:Thankyou for allowing me some of your time. I would be so much better if my heart wasnt poorly. I could then be medicated properly. As of now i just have to live with it. Kinda sucks.
text:Are you seeing any counselor to address your challenge?	labels:I feel for your friend.
text:Thank you.. you know you are not alone in such journey...	labels:yes i have a therapist and currently on a 10 week post detox intensive plan to keep me focused. I have a good support network.
text:I suggest you keep close touch with the support group and the therapist .. I see you are already in the right path..	labels:I just wish to live outside my own sideways mind for 5 minutes. I need help with not becoming frustrated and angry with myself. Cant really see a way forward, am i destined to be absent minded for life? i know there must be a way somewhere to live normally.
text:As you are already engaged with the professionals to help you.. I bet you will get the necessary help. Keep pursing these engagements...	labels:i will, i will not stop engaging for many years.
text:I see you have the right attitude.. I strongly believe that you will be successful..	labels:Thankyou. Its nice to read that.
text:you welcome.. anything else you want to talk about?	labels:I have plenty but im sure we dont have the time :) As for now its just the one issue above, its a big issue but once somehow if i can rectify it i will have so much to offer society. Thankyou for your time.
text:You welcome.. have a good day...	labels:and you. bye bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi there, how are you doing today?	labels:I doing good.. how are you?
text:I am good thanks. What would you like to talk to me about?	labels:I am going to school and this  semester I am having too much pressure ... could not handle it.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Have you got anyone you can talk to? Maybe take some time off?.	labels:I cannot take any time off since this is in the middle of the semester. And dropping any class is not an option either.
text:So you feel that you are trapped and yet you are not coping properly?	labels:I am having too much anxiety and don't know how to deal with it.
text:I suggest that you talk to a counsellor.  There should be free services available at your university.	labels:What kind of advise should I be seeking from the counsellor?
text:Well, perhaps they can at least alleviate your anxiety somewhat. Or maybe even get you a sick note to give you a little extra  time to complete your assignment.s.	labels:Do you think that could hurt my grade if I turn them in late?
text:No, as long as you have a doctor's letter explaining why..	labels:But I am not sick, would the counsellor write note for me under this situation?
text:There is more than one way to be sick. You sound as though you are suffering from depression and stress..	labels:I guess you are right... I will try to make an appointment with the counselor next week.
text:Do you have any friends or family that you can discuss this with?	labels:I have an elder sister I can talk to.
text:Is she sympathetic to what you are feelign?.	labels:I think so..
text:Well that is a good start. Maybe you could make a list of things you want to discuss with your counsellor too..	labels:I like the idea .. thanks..
text:Try not to worry - I hope that things go well with you..	labels:I hope so.. thank you for you suggestion.
text:All the best to you in your future and thank you for talking!. You have to press quit first cos I can't :).	labels:You have a good day...	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you doing?.	labels:I am doing fine. How are you?
text:I'm doing alright. Is there anything bothering you?.	labels:Yes..  I recently broke up with my partner.
text:Oh no, that must be hard.. I've definitely been there before, it can really hurt..	labels:I am extremely depressed after that..
text:That makes sense. How long were you guys together?.	labels:We have been together for last 2 years.
text:Oh wow, two years is a long time.	labels:Yes.. we had out ups and downs during the time..
text:It sounds like it might not have been the most healthy relationship while it was going on, but it can still really hurt when something like that ends.. I went through something similar with an unhealthy relationship that needed to end, but it still hurt for a long time after.	labels:I did not see this was coming.. happened all on a sudden...
text:Oh no, being taken by surprise like that can't be pleasant at all..	labels:No it was not.. now I am in depression and don't know how to get out of it.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have friends you can talk to? Spending time with friends can be a good distraction, and give you people to rant to who know you best..	labels:I cannot think of anyone I can share my feeling with....
text:It sounds like you're feeling pretty alone right now.	labels:Yes, I am..
text:You could take the opportunity to try and take up a new hobby. I know it sounds dumb, but finding something to put your energy into could really help.	labels:I am into playing musical instruments.. you think I should pick that up again?
text:That sounds like a great idea! That's an awesome skill and sounds like it would be fun to get back into.. What instruments do you play?	labels:I play flute.. I guess I will start it again.. thanks for the suggestion.
text:Yeah no problem!. I know it's tough now, but I think after some time you'll start feeling better..	labels:I hope so.. I feel better talking to you.. thanks again..
text:It was great talking to you too :)	labels:Have a good day..	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nHello there, how are you doing today?	labels:I'm ok. To be honest, I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
text:I hear you .. it can be very difficult dealing with other peoples' problems all day. Would you consider retraining for something else?	labels:Maybe. I'm not really young anymore. The thought of going through more school...well, I dunno about that.
text:True. So you feel you're stuck in a rut - you're not happy but you don't feel unhappy enough to move on?	labels:I just feel like I'm in limbo. Just there. People complain all day about their problem. I have a therapist, but I think my therapist is burnt out too.
text:It's a vicious cycle isn't it!? What about looking for another profession that does not involve much retraining?	labels:I'm too young to retire but I don't know how many more years I can slog on with this career. It used to be pretty good. Now, it just seems the same gray job every day.
text:Are you in a financial position where you could take some time off, go travelling perhaps, and renew yourself?	labels:I've thought about that. I'd love to travel. I feel an obligation to my patients. I don't want to abandon them. I could pass them to other therapists, maybe temporarily. I don't know how they would feel about that.
text:Well, I would hope that they would understand that even therapists have to have a private life. And I am sure they'd prefer you at the peak of your game and not burned out..	labels:True. They might wonder how committed I am to them and to the profession if I go away for a while. I've thought about lightening my work load too.
text:Yes perhaps you could switch to part time? If you could afford it?.	labels:Money not really the issue. I just worry that I'll keep burning out, just more slowly. Other therapists go through this as well.
text:Somewhere at the top of the chain there must a very weary therapist with no-one to talk to. Though I suppose that is where these bots come in :D.	labels:Yeah. One day I'll be replaced by a computer. Then the computers will provide therapy to other computers, who'll need a vacation when they burn out. seriously though, I guess I could try part-time for a while and see how it goes.
text:lol. It's an interesting mental picture. I am glad you still have a sense of humour though. Yeah - try  and take up a new hobby with the extra time, maybe?.	labels:Try to. Humor is a defense mechanism and coping mechanism. I have hobbies. They seem less fun because my job is less fun.
text:I am sorry to hear that. On another note, have you considered speakign to your GP? Perhaps medication might help.	labels:My therapist recommended medication too, but I worry that it might impair my ability to do my job.
text:I have tried medication and I found it surprisingly helpful but everyone is different of course. There was no impairment though..	labels:Ok. That's good to know. I want to be responsible to my patients, but I also have a responsibility to myself..
text:Yes  you do! Thank you for talking and you take care of yourself!.	labels:Thanks for your advice and honesty. I feel better now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.  How are you?	labels:Hi, I feel really sad.
text:I am sorry.  What is going on?	labels:My friends won't hang out with me. I am alone all the time.
text:So you feel like they don't want to be around you and have nobody to talk to?	labels:Yes, but also just no one to hang out with. I am a loner.
text:You prefer it that way? .	labels:No. I want to hang out with people..
text:I follow you.  It is hard to see people outside of usual social circles right now with the pandemic going on.  Out of curiosity tell me what you like doing with others?	labels:I like to talk with them, listen to their stories, just hang out have a good time.
text:I can understand that. I have not seem my own friends for almost a year because of COVID-19.  It felt isolated and lonely..	labels:What do you do to feel better?
text:It has not been easy but I focused on myself.  I started doing more exercise and weight lifting.  I took up learning how to invest money, and I also got into the habit of reading. Basically I build myself up in body, wallet, and mind so I feel better about myself progressively.   It worked well for me at least.  What do you think might help you?	labels:That all sounds great. I think I'll need to do more exercising. I do like reading so I'll do that too. Thank you for the suggestions! I appreciate it..
text:What would you say might be good exercise or reading goals for you? .	labels:I think just start doing them and continue doing them are good goals for me for now. Thank you! I feel better!
text:Whatever works for you. All the best and stay safe..	labels:All the best to you too! Good bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you feeling today?	labels:not so well. what about you.
text:I'm fine.  I'm so sorry that you're not feeling well, but I'm here to help.  Could you tell me what's going on?	labels:my love is broken up. she left me alonr.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that.  Everyone goes through break ups like that at some point in their life.  I would suggest moving on and focusing on yourself for a bit.	labels:but how could I, we are in a relationship for 4 years. suddenly she left me.
text:I understand it's difficult when you were in a relationship for so long.  But it's not going to do you any good to cling on to the past.  What was her reason for leaving you?	labels:she is engaged to a richman. and they prepared to get married soon. i dont have any idea for what to do.
text:That's even a better reason for you to just forget about her, with her cheating on you like that, you know she's not the type for you.  You're so much better than her.  So just focus on yourself.  If you need some help emotionally, find yourself a counselor to talk to.	labels:I tried to forget her, but whenever i tried the memories are repeating again and again. which sometimes makes me mad.
text:Just try to focus on your hobbies, and hang out with your close friends.  Keep yourself occupied on other things so you wouldn't have to think about her.  Just think that you're lucky that it ended now, and it would've been worse if you found out about the cheating even later.	labels:whenever i try to share my feelings with my friends, they are making fun on me. and irritates me so much.
text:Awww maybe try to share you feelings with your family then.	labels:but its not easy to me tell it to my family members.
text:I see.  Over time you'll definitely be able to get over it.  There are so many other women out there that are better than her.  She may have been the perfect woman for you at one point but you really should come to terms that she isn't the one for you anymore.	labels:I will try to think like that. is that really works.
text:Yes just focus on positivity, doing fun things. .	labels:I will try my level best.
text:Okay that's good.  I can tell that you're making too big of a deal of the situation.  You can think about the good times you've had with her, but that's in the past now so you should be focused on the future instead.	labels:thankyou. i try to do this.
text:I'm happy to provide you advice.  If you need advice in the future, you could always find a counselor for you.  I hope you are feeling a bit better.	labels:o think so.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.  How are you?	labels:Hi, I'm sad. How are you?
text:I am ok.  Been a busy day.  More importantly your upset; what is going on?	labels:Good for you. My friend died few years ago. And it's so difficult for me. She was close to me.
text:You mentioned that she died a while back.  Has something stirred up the sadness recently?	labels:because it's close to her death.
text:Oh.  The anniversary.   You made it clear you were close to her. Tell me about her.  What was she like? What did she mean to you?	labels:She was my good friend. Always take caring of me and I the same way. We lived close to each other so we always hang out.
text:She gave you a lot of meaning and filled your time fondly.  I am taking it that after she passed you probably felt empty and lately it has been getting worse?	labels:Yes, it's true. It had happened with me. she was like my sister.
text:I can understand that.  My best friend died a few years ago and he was like my brother.  Still does feel empty not having him around. .	labels:Yes, one day she was there with me and the next day she wasn't. It's so hard for anyone. I know that time it's the only way to move on. however it's so difficult for me.
text:I take it that the loss was sudden and it was a shock to your system.    So how have you been managing the sadness and grief since it happened?	labels:I try going out with my family and friend. Avoiding things that we used to do together. trying little by little.
text:It sounds like your family is being supportive of you and you have a network.  It seems to me that you really put a great deal of mental energy and fortitude into taking care of yourself. Is there anything else that could help you get thru this rough patch you can think of?.	labels:I don't know. Do you have any ideas?
text:I can think of a few.  Physical activity even walking really helps people who are feeling down.  But it does not work for everyone.  I also know there are grief support groups but I do not know if they are open with the pandemic and everything.  I also know that there are a lot of mental health services available for professional counselling if things are too much.  I also heard that having things to do to fill your schedule helps like work or small projects to fill the day up.  What do you think would work best for you?	labels:Probably will be difficult to find one now. I'll try fill my schedule so I always have something to do. And my mind won't be thinking so much of my friend.
text:What things to you like to do that would benefit you to fill your schedule?	labels:Exercise, watching, a movie, play games,
text:So you have a toolbox of things you can do to stay busy to get you through this.  You seem to have solved this problem for yourself. That is a strength right there..	labels:Yes, I think so. Thank you. You helped me a lot.
text:Anytime.  Stay safe and live well.  -KJ the nurse.	labels:Thank you. bye.	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:not really well. how about you.
text:What's wrong? How can I help you? I'm doing pretty well.	labels:i lost my job last week. that really shatters me.
text:That’s a tough situation. I feel for you. Losing a job is hard, but now, with the pandemic, it's especially hard. Do you live by yourself? Is there someone you can talk to?	labels:yes the worst situation i met in this year.
text:I hear you. This is tough! It is important to be around other people. Don't isolate yourself..	labels:yes i have someone but they are not ready to talk with me.
text:That's too bad. Is there another person, a family member? By the way, how long had you worked at the job?	labels:I know it, but people aroud me are angry because i lost my job.
text:That's unfair of them. You don't need to discuss the problem. Just chatting with someone can change your mood.	labels:i worked for six years and 4 monts. yeah thats why im here.
text:Six years...That's a long time. I bet you were good at your job. I want to help you.	labels:yes i am, but the compay lay off me to reduce their expences. and thats my worst time.
text:The economy really has gotten bad. Many people are in a similar situation. I worry too that I might lose my job..	labels:dont think like that, it is very hard in that situation.
text:Many people are angry with you. Have they tried to help you with the job search? Do you want to reach out to them for that?	labels:try to stay in your job whatever may happen.
text:I try to stay positive. I talk to people. I think about after the pandemic and how things will be..	labels:I ask them to do so, but they don't give any informaton back.
text:Hmm. That's not supportive. Is there an agency in your city that can help you get that kind of info?	labels:yes, there is one i know. but it is closed because of the pandemic.
text:That's too bad. Normally I would send them an email, see if you can schedule an online chat. I'm not sure what to do in this case. Have you applied for unemployment?	labels:yeah i would like to get any othe job.
text:That might not be possible at the moment. Work is scarce. I've looked for extra online work, but so many people are trying to get the same work!	labels:no i did not apllied it.
text:That's the next thing for you to do. You might get cash coming in. It will help you stay optimistic.	labels:i see, i will try to apply for it.
text:Great! I hope that this chat has been helpful.	labels:yes i think so. thankyou very muck. much.
text:You're quite welcome! Best of luck with the job search!	labels:thank you. i hope i will get a better obe. one.
text:I hope so too.	labels:thank you.
text:By the way, you need to press the submit button on your end.	labels:oh sorry i forgot. for some doubt, are you not able to subit it by your side.
text:No. The supporter cannot submit. The two buttons to the right of the text box should have an option for you..	labels:ok, ill get it.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there!! How can I help today?	labels:hey too. Have got a mental problem need your support if you don`t mind.
text:Of course, would be glad to support. What's on your mind?	labels:Well, i was laid off from work during the Covid-19 period mid-last year (June) at a time when i was financially down. this was the start of my woes. Really need support since i have had rough time recollecting myself.
text:I see, so sorry to hear that... How are you feeling due to that?	labels:I feel so anxious since i am not able to  meet most of my family needs as i used to before covid.
text:Ah I understand, is there any temporary financial support available for you and your family? If I may suggest this, you can look into programs that help re-employ or support laid off workers in your country.	labels:Currently i have no support apart from the meagre earnings of my wife. I have looked into it, applied but have not been fortunate to get one yet.
text:I completely understand, I would also feel anxious if I were in this situation. It's an honorable thing that you've taken the initiative and are working hard to support your family.	labels:Sure. I really need your support on how to manage the anxiety because despite constant reassurance from my wife, i still feel i am letting down my family as a man.
text:If it makes you feel any better, there are a bunch of workshops that offer support, what little it may be. I'm not sure what country you are in, but I've seen some small organizations that give away grocery vouchers for those in need. Perhaps you could narrow your search to find those as well, if you haven't already. Alright, you might want to start by taking deep breaths, and remember that this will not be the end of it all. Your wife's reassurance is very valid, and I'm sure she doesn't blame you.. Getting laid off is no fault of your own, and at the least, your wife is still working, so you have a bit of time until things start to spiral.	labels:Wow, that is awesome. You mean deep breaths do help? How often do i need the breaths?
text:Of course, breathing is the body's most calming function, you dont need a set amount of breaths, but take the time to be aware of the action and the stillness around you. It would help more than you think it will. In this time that you have, I think it would be nice to take the time you have with your family and enjoy it.	labels:I actually feel the support from my wife for which i am grateful but then my children are young to understand it all. I used to do a lot for them and constantly tell me to do the same but am unable cause it needs money. It is quite unfortunate that in my family we are used to finding joy as a family outside the home setting which requires spending and this we are not able to meet it often times as we have had to reduce spending. Apart from deep breaths, what other ways can i use to manage my anxiety?
text:Spending time actively playing with your kids would help, along with morning exercise (but nothing too strenuous) if you choose to do so. if you enjoy reading, I suggest taking the time to find a book that you used to enjoy and give it another read. it will remind you of a time when you were in a good place, and hopefully project that feeling back to you.	labels:Wow, am amazed! You mean anxiety can be managed so simply? Wanna give it a try.
text:I hope you do, positive attitude is the start to a healthy mind. This may not work for everything and the anxiety won't just disappear on day one or maybe ever, but these are steps you would want to start with :) Coping with anxiety is what you make of it, remember to not beat yourself up about things you ultimately cannot control.	labels:sure. Let me adjust my attitude first and accept the situation. Hoping t cope with the situation in due course. Much grateful for the support.
text:exactly: "maintain a hopeful outlook and visualize what you want rather than what you fear" I really hope I was able to help even if it was a little bit.	labels:That wasn`t little. It was much and am gonna try it out.
text:I'm really glad :) and I hope it works out! best of luck, and please take care of yourself.	labels:Sure. My hope too. Goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today? I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.\nhello. you feel sad, why?	labels:I'm not sure. I can't find a reason. My health is fine. I have friends. I have a place to live.
text:your health is fine and you have place to live but you are still sad.	labels:Yes, that's right. I feel like my life is not going in the right direction. In fact, I'm not going anywhere.
text:have you talked to anyone about it.	labels:No, not really. I don't know what to talk about. I just feel flat. Something's wrong. I don't know what.
text:i have felt that way before but i came over it.	labels:How did you do that? I really need some guidance here. What do I do?
text:it came to me like a mood swing for so many days but i started going to meet friends and get closer to my friends for positive vibes.	labels:You met with your friends? I've tried meeting with my friends. I feel ok when I'm with them, but then later, I feel sad again. I can't spend all my time with my friends, of course. They have things to do. So do I.
text:yes, you have to be positive at all time and always do something that makes you happy.	labels:I'm trying to be positive. It doesn't seem to work. I don't know how to change my mood without chemicals.
text:have you try yoga or meditating as a therapy.	labels:No, I haven't tried yoga. I thought it was for women. Therapy? You mean like a shrink?
text:yoga is not only for women, and yes therapy like a shrink but you don't have to talk to anybody if you do yoga or meditating.	labels:Oh, meditating by myself? I would need someone to help me learn. Is yoga expensive? I don't have much money.
text:yoga is not expensive and meditation doesn't have to be with anyone, you can use YouTube video as your tutor. It has work for soo many people including my self.	labels:Ok. I'll check out YouTube. Do I need special clothes or equipment? Or incense or candles or lotoins or something? I'm just a regular guy.
text:yes, you have to be in a bright environment. just on the light.	labels:Ok. I can do that. I bet there is something on YouTube about meditation. I'll give it a try. Thanks for your help! Have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you?	labels:Hello,  thank you for signing up to listen to me. I could be better but thank you for asking.
text:What's on your mind?	labels:I am upset about the loss of my best friend's son dying in a car accident.
text:I'm really sorry to hear that. When did this happen?	labels:The accident was Thursday February 25th but he held on until Sunday the 28th. He was only 26 years old.
text:There's nothing that can prepare you for unexpected tragedies like this. We just have to deal with them as they come.	labels:I understand what you are saying but that's the problem.  How to deal with such a terrible unexpected loss. I feel helpless because there is nothing I can do to make her feel better.
text:It sounds like you're sticking close to your friend, although it doesn't feel like its helping. It's my experience that when someone has experienced a traumatic loss like that, making someone feel better, at least right away, isn't always an option. The most important thing you can do for her is just to be there for her and allow her to feel however she needs to feel right now.	labels:She is inconsolable..... and me also being upset is not helping matters either.  You are exactly right...it's impossible to help. That is great advice...thank you. I really appreciate you taking the time to listen.
text:Of course. These things are tough to face on your own, so you did the right thing by reaching out. I know you want to be there for your friend as much as possible, and I think that will help you to move through grief at the same time, but just be mindful to not overextend yourself too much. You have to be there for yourself too.	labels:I actually feel a little better.  I will just sit with her and keep her company and be there to listen.  I'm glad I accepted this survey today. Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you again!
text:You too, and best wishes.	labels:I'm not sure why it will not let me end the task?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?\nI am okay. What is going on with you?.	labels:School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
text:It sounds like it must be overwhelming to keep up with all of your school work..	labels:I’m majoring in computer engineering. It’s really #%$& hard! Everyone else is way smarter than I am.
text:That does sound very difficult, but I think you can do it! Just getting into a program like that shows how smart you are!	labels:It's kinda late to switch. I'm at the end of my third year. My parents keep bugging me about getting a job.
text:To be honest with you, I switched majors a lot in college. I eventually let go of what my family thought and pursued a career I would truly enjoy for myself..	labels:I wish I were in your shoes! If I change majors now, I have to redo at least a year of school, maybe more. I don't think my parents want to pay for that.
text:Personally I took three years longer than it should to get my degree and accrued some debt because of it. Although I feel it is worth it now. .	labels:That's good to know. Maybe I can convince my parents to let me borrow some money. I don't want to be a computer engineer.
text:I'm hearing its difficult for you knowing that you are on a path that you don't really want to be on..	labels:That's a good way to put it.. I've thought a lot about my options. I've thought about take a leave of absence, switching majors, going to trade school, traveling abroad...
text:A lot of people I know benefited from talking to an advisor or counselor for some direction. Have you done that recently?	labels:I talked to the school counselor. They laid out some options. It's really about money and time. If those weren't concerns, I would switch in a heartbeat.
text:What about meeting with the counselor with your parents, since it seems they would need to support you financially over any extra time it might take?.	labels:That's a good point. Maybe we could have a Zoom meeting, even for just 15 minutes. I need to get my parents to understand my feelings. The counselor might help me with that.
text:It's been shown that healthy communication can help people listen and respond more considerately when things seem difficult at first.	labels:I hadn't thought of it that way. I'm so worried about schoolwork that I hadn't stepped back from the whole situation of school itself.
text:I definitely can understand that, but it is important to think about your future happiness and security too!.	labels:Thanks again for all your help! Your words have been really insightful!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.  How are you today?	labels:not bad and you.
text:It has been a most interesting week across the board.   Been some challenges and hurdles but that makes life the better.  Tell me any challenges you are facing right now?	labels:the loss of the of my job has been really difficult, possibilities of losing my home and family is really dire.
text:So it sounds like you lost your livelihood and your concerned of losing everything you have built.   It seems like you are lost on what to do now..	labels:exactly, my confidence is gone so is my self worth and self esteem.
text:Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it? . Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it? . Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it? . Sorry about that.  computer glitch.	labels:I used to work in IT and did it for 14 years.
text:14 years?  Wow.  That is really impressive.  It is a very difficult field and it take serious talent to work in IT.  Takes real talent and brainpower to work in IT. .	labels:been doing it long enough for it to be 2nd nature.
text:So I also take it that not doing it now must feel like you lost part of yourself as well besides the financial risk.  Double whammy. .	labels:yes it does.
text:This is a large cross to bear. So what do you think your next steps are going to be?	labels:I have no idea.
text:May I throw some ideas out at you?	labels:please.
text:It sounds like your really down right now about your job, family, and your home.  It sounds like from what you have mentioned finding work would likely be the best goal to work on right now.  What are your thoughts?	labels:seems a fair suggestion so getting straight back in the game. thanks for the advice.
text:IT right now is highly marketable line of work.  Given the need for networking and teleconferencing right now you are in demand.  And 14 years experience you probably have a competitive advantage in the job market. What do you think your odds of finding a new job are from 0% to 100% right now?  I'd bet pretty high.  What do you think?	labels:60% I feel companies want the newer younger versions and its the whole starting from the beginning. but I'll take that advice thanks for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Hi can you help me with my problem?\nHello. What's on your mind?	labels:I'm disgusted with my friend for cheating on her boyfriend. Am I right to feel this way?
text:Your feelings are valid, no matter what they are. Why do you think you're disgusted with her?	labels:Because she's not acting the way she should be acting. Her boyfriend is a nice guy so he doesn't deserve this treatment.
text:It sounds like she did something you find really immoral. Is their relationship generally pretty good, to your knowledge?	labels:Yeah, but I'm also thinking it's not my business. I should just stay out of it. Well I thought it was good until that happened. He doesn't know. So I just feel gross around them.
text:Have you talked to your friend about what she did?	labels:Yeah, she doesn't really care because she's not going to tell him. I'm questioning whether I should still be friends with her.
text:You're definite right to be questioning if this is the sort of person you want to be friends with.	labels:It's hard to stop thought because we work at the same place. though..
text:If her behavior is getting to you like this, I definitely suggest you try to keep some distance from her as much as you can.	labels:Yeah, I've been trying to, but she's always talking to me.
text:It might be a good idea to explain why you're upset with her, even though that's likely to upset her.	labels:I guess, but I'd rather just avoid her. I'm thinking if I ignore her then she. she'll get the hint.
text:I can definitely understand wanting to avoid a confrontation.	labels:Yeah, I realize she's quite selfish so confronting her wouldn't help.
text:What do you think you can do to minimize your contact with her?	labels:Just not respond to her messages and avoid the areas she's in.
text:That sounds like a good plan.	labels:Is that ghosting?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:Not doing so well today, I'm having a really hard time at work. I'm feeling super stressed about the workload I have, I just can't keep up with it all!
text:I’m sorry to hear that. Work can be a bad source of stress. Do you have anyone that can help with the workload?	labels:Not really, there's only me in my role so don't really have anyone to help. I have tried talking to my line manager but she doesn't seem to understand just how busy I am.
text:Can the company hire any more people? Maybe they can work from home, and take some work off your plate. The line manager might also need some help with her workload. I understand that budgets can be tight. Maybe someone part-time?	labels:From what I hear they aren't willing to hire anyone else, but I don't know the reasons why. I can only speak to my line manager and then she speaks to higher management.
text:Your manager sounds unsympathetic. That's very frustrating. A lot of people are in your situation in this pandemic: too much work, not enough help. Do you want to leave the company? Look for greener pastures?	labels:I have been keeping an eye out for other jobs, but like you say things are difficult just now with the pandemic, there isn't a lot out there!
text:Very true. Have you talked to your co-workers about this issue? What do they think?	labels:They are all feeling stretched as well so they understand. I am trying to not talk about it too much with them, I don't want to be seen as the person who's always complaining!
text:Yeah, that's a good point. A little complaining is ok, but a lot can get on people's nerves.. They want to be sympathetic, but after a while, they just get tired of you.	labels:Yeah, I don't want them all to stop talking to me cause they find me annoying! I'm trying to stay positive, but it's hard some days! As much as I try to start the day in a positive frame of mind it quickly gets sucked out of me!
text:What do you do outside of work? Hobbies and such.	labels:At the moment I'm not getting outside as much as I should, I do enjoy gaming but it's hard to find time. I've been working 14 hour days all week! My boyfriend tries to tell me to switch off but it's hard when I know there's all this work waiting to be done.
text:You could try setting aside an evening or two a week for time with your BF. Just walk out of the office. Try to set some boundaries. That might seem dangerous and risky, but sometimes it's important to set boundaries. If you don't do that, then the managers can just keep taking advantage of you and your work ethic.	labels:Yeah, he says the same kind of thing, that I need to be firmer and just leave when I'm due to. I guess the only way for them to truely see is for the work to just not get done as there's no time!
text:From what you're saying, it sounds like you think you have no power. Is that true? Are you really powerless in this situation? Do not underestimate your power over your life.	labels:I guess I do feel powerless, I feel like they never really listen to what I'm saying, they just act as if they are but then ignore me.
text:It sounds like the managers are training you to be resigned to your fate. If they listen to you, it encourages you to complain. If they ignore you, you go away and leave them alone. However, if you leave work early (after 9 hours, say), then they might notice you. Are you willing to take a risk?	labels:Maybe if I start acting more confidently they will start to listen. I feel like something needs to happen so maybe it's time to take a risk.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I am feeling very sad because I tested positive for Covid this week. I am in quarantine away from my family.\nsorry to hear about that. So your test results were positive. Did I get it right?	labels:Yes, I tested positive for the Covid virus on Wednesday.
text:It must be hard to stay alone. Are you having fever or any other sever symptoms. Hope there is someone to take care of you for a while at least.	labels:I'm by myself in my house. My wife took the kids to stay with her father until my quarantine period is over. I have mainly cold symptoms - body aches, stuffy head, sore throat.  Nothing too serious so far.
text:I had COVID last month with mild symptoms. Good to know that you don't have any sever symptoms. You will recover fast.	labels:I hope so. I'm on the older side (not senior citizen yet) with high blood pressure, so I'm a little nervous about how it will affect me.
text:I can understand staying alone will be devastating.  Keep monitoring your oxygen level. If  that is normal, you don't have to worry. You can read watch tv or can do video calling to your family..	labels:Thanks for the advice.  We're doing a lot of video calls so I can see everyone.  That helps.
text:I wish for your fast recovery. Hope this COVID situation end soon somehow..	labels:That's what is so frustrating - I feel like a couple more months or so and I'd have the vaccine.  Made it a year, then get infected during the stretch run of this pandemic.
text:Very true! It is kind of never ending. There should be some permanent solution for it.	labels:I don't know if that will ever happen, but if it becomes rare and much less deadly like colds and flu, we should be able to return to a pre-covid life or close to it.
text:We can still hope for the best right now. Let's stay positive and fight it.	labels:I was fighting it, but Covid won this week!
text:Think other way. You defeat it and you won.	labels:I hope so.  I'm only in like the third inning or so right now though.
text:You are a strong person. You are almost there to win. Your family is always there with you.	labels:Thanks for the encouragement.  10 days cannot come fast enough.
text:I know but i week has gone so rest will go too. Wishing you fast recovery and take care of yourself.	labels:Thanks, good luck to you. Nice chatting with you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you today?	labels:I'm doing fine. 	My problem is that my boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
text:Boy, that's a tough one. You've got to handle a problem like that pretty diplomatically. Have you talked to your co-worker, the one the boss hits on?	labels:I've tried to bring it up with her indirectly, but it's an uncomfortable issue, you know? She is really upset, and I don't know whether it's my place to handle this kind of thing. It's more of an HR issue, but should I go to HR? Will that help, or just get me in trouble? I don't know.
text:That's a good question, and I don't know the answer. It depends on your HR department. Have you suggested that the co-worker talk to HR? Is there an anonymous system for filing complaints?	labels:No, the company hasn't set up a system for passing along info that way. I don't know if she has talked to HR. She might not have because she's worried that it'll get back to her boss, and she'll get punished. I'd like to be supportive, even if I can't help solve the problem.
text:That's a good attitude. You want to be supportive and helpful. You sound like a good co-worker. Remember that the problem did not start with you, so you do not need to feel responsible for it.	labels:Thanks for your words of encouragement? Maybe there is little I can do, but I don't want to let the problem fester. She's a great co-worker and a great worker. We need her on the team. What do you think a good first step would be?
text:That's a good question. I would show support for her and empathize with her and her situation. Do you have lunch with her? Can you send her a text letting her know she's valued? She might appreciate that.	labels:Sometimes we have lunch, but usually she just eats at her desk. I could easily send her texts of encouragement.
text:Ok. That's a good first step. I think you have a way forward with this. Maybe after a few texts, you can sit down and talk about solutions in detail, like going to HR.	labels:Ok. I'll try sending a couple of texts every day. Then I'll see if she wants to have lunch outside with me when the weather gets better..
text:That's a good positive step. I think that you've got a pretty handle on the situation. Good for you!.	labels:Thanks. The boss is pretty good at his job. He know how to manage projects and he's good with clients. There is just this one thing that he gets wrong and somebody needs to get him to stop.
text:I understand that you're frustrated and sad. I would feel the same way too. I think that anyone else in your situation would feel the same way..	labels:Thanks. I guess I just have to accept things as they are. I can't afford to leave this job, and it's impossible to find another job at this time. Plus I don't want to abandon my co-worker in her time of need.
text:Well, you have to do what is right for yourself. If you find a better job, think seriously about taking it. Your co-worker will not be there forever. You have a responsibility to yourself..	labels:True. I hadn't thought of it that way. I should consider my needs. Thanks!
text:You're welcome! I'm glad that I was able to help you!	labels:I feel a lot better now. I start sending text messages to my co-worker on Monday. Thanks! Have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:I am having a really hard time with something that I did to my boyfriend.\nDo you want to talk about it?	labels:Yes, thank you! I was with him since childhood and we are actually still together. I slipped up one night and hate to admit what I did.
text:It sounds like you're holding onto a lot of guilt about this incident. Are you comfortable talking about that night?	labels:Yes, it is intense guilt. I can't think of anything else. I hate to tell you but I cheated on him. I am so sorry and can't look at myself in the mirror.
text:That can really weigh you down, beating yourself up with guilt. Does he know about the incident?	labels:I feel like I am worthless and I don't deserve to ever be happy or laugh again. I really do love him and I don't ever want him to find out what I did. Yes, I cant stop beating myself up. He doesn't know what I did but he is little suspicious..
text:You definitely deserve to laugh and be happy. One mistake doesn't define you!	labels:Thank you! A long time ago his sister told me that he cheated on me and I believed her and so I wanted to get him back.
text:It says a lot about your character that you feel badly about this, that you can see and recognize you acted in a way you don't agree with. That's something to build on. That desire to "get even" is definitely understandable.	labels:I appreciate that and have been thinking about character a lot lately. I do believe he cheated on me first, if that even matters now.
text:Do you feel like you got what you needed from the experience, as in, that you've "gotten even"?	labels:Yes, I feel very even! I won't do it again. Can I ever give up the guilt that I feel and move on in our relationship or do I have to tell him what I did? I have known couples who don't tell each other and they are happy now.
text:While it may be true in general that honesty is the best policy, in this case I wouldn't suggest telling him. It is just going to cause angry feelings. But, the fact you already believed he cheated on you and it motivated you to do the same shows a basic lack of trust in this relationship. That's something you should really look at.	labels:Thank you for making me feel heard. I have been alone in my thoughts and needed to be understood. Yes, I agree with you and I feel like I kind of let it go now that I told you about it. I am going to be in touch regularly of that's okay? I feel so much better now. I can take a deep breath again and I want to go take a walk with my dog now. Thank you for all of your time and understanding.
text:I'm glad you're feeling better now that you've gotten it out in the open. Of course, you are welcome anytime.	labels:That sounds great because I want to keep this private and I know you won't tell anyone so I feel really safe here..	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Hope you are doing well. How may I assist you?	labels:my recent ex gf gave her daughters drugs while on a video chat with me. While being very dishonest in our relationship, i am devestated about the truth of all of it now that its over. I really loved her. and her kids. we had some great times. I turned her in for giving her kids drugs as thats not okay. today im super sad. i dont have any motivation. I dont want to really be around, and im trapped in my thoughts with everything. i had to move to get away from her stalking me. now im in a new place trying to find a job and get set up here. Its difficult to start over. its a pretty intense situation i admit.
text:You are girlfriend is giving drugs to hew own kids. Did I get it right?	labels:That is what she did. Among many other things.
text:That is really intense, unacceptable. I am feeling sorry for the poor little girl and you.  It looks like there is something wrong with her. I can understand what you are going through.	labels:Its a difficult time. I want to do nothing. It feels very bleek right now worrying about finances and getting set up in a new state.
text:It must be hard time for you. You should not worry about her. You should think about your job and the poor girl who is trapped with her.	labels:her daughters now both live with their dads. so thats taken care of, he kids are safer and better off. I however am devastated that the whole relationship wound up a lie and the whole thing has me really in a bad place mentally..
text:I felt the same way when I broke up with my friend for some pathetic things which she did. The good part is girls are safe now. Give some time to yourself. Time will heal everything.	labels:Thats a hard light to see at the end of the tunnel when things are bleek. im not sure what else to do. My mind runs away a bit right now, its just all stress ful.
text:So sorry to hear about that. You should indulge yourself in some activities like yoga or meditation. talk to your family and friends and go to them for a while. It will help you and you can come out of it.	labels:Finding a better job.. might be a more productive task.
text:You will get one soon. Keep working on. My best wishes are there with you. Time never stay the same..	labels:you dont want to continue to talk.
text:No, that is not the case. You can talk as much as you want.	labels:I see. i thought you had left.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nHi there! I'm great, what about you? How can I help today?	labels:My girlfriend dumped me for someone else! I've been really shook up.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that :( Do you have any idea why?	labels:I think she just lost interest in me? It happened a couple of months ago. I wish I could get over it. I can't get her off my mind. She's dating this total loser.
text:That's tough... so you're saying that you grew apart a little? Or do you think it was more one-sided?	labels:It probably was more me than her. Maybe I should have done more to show her that I cared for her. Am I not romantic enough? Some guys just aren't that way.
text:I completely understand, and I don't think you should beat yourself up over it!.	labels:That's a fair point. I shouldn't be too hard on myself.  I didn't really grow up in a romantic family. I don't know how to do that stuff, but maybe I could learn.
text:Exactly, and remember everyone is different, perhaps you just weren't her right one, and that can go both ways. Do you want to improve for her? or for yourself do you think?	labels:That's true. I really got hung up on her. I thought she was perfect and that we were perfect together. She didn't see it that way. I can't really change who I am, and she couldn't change who she is. I don't know if I can change myself for her. Maybe there is something basic that she wants that I just don't have? I should probably change for future relationships.
text:That's a great line of thought, its good that you're able to identify that yourself.	labels:What do you think I could do to improve myself?
text:I suggest that you stay exactly the way that you are. I feel like you'd be happier that way and also more likely to find someone who shares the same values as you. If you change who you are, it sort of means that your ex still has a hold on you, you know?	labels:Will the same problems show up in the next relationship though? It could be a long search before I find someone that matches with me? That's true. But I feel like I should take away something from this experience.
text:I guess that depends on you, would you rather compromise for a relationship or find one who'll really last and not have to change?	labels:I think all relationships require compromise and change. No two people are perfectly compatible. I worry that I have blind spots that I should fix. My ex-GF didn't really specify what the problem was.
text:That's true, building on that, you could also say that what your ex found to be the problem is not the be-all end-all. What your ex disliked could be what 10000 other girls love in a guy.	labels:That's true. I might end up trying to solve a problem that really isn't there. It's not a bug, it's a feature! :-)
text:Wow, you put that really nicely!	labels:Thanks! You’ve been really helpful today. I can’t thank you enough for your encouragement and insight.
text:It was no problem! Thank you for sharing and talking it out!	labels:I feel a lot better now. Have a great day! Bye!
text:Have a great day :) bye!	labels:bye!	episode_done:True
text:I am very sad and depressed because of a recent breakup. How can I ever forget it and move on.\nOh no. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?	labels:I thought everything was great and I already had my wedding dress and we planned a wedding and out of nowhere he dumped me. Now his family won't talk to me either.
text:that must be horrible. You were already engaged?	labels:Yes, we were only engaged for about a month but we have been friends since childhood.
text:that sounds really hard. that's a long time to know someone.. how long ago did you breka up?	labels:Yeah, it was basically my whole life. We broke up two nights ago and he already changed his number and blocked my on social media.
text:that's going to be tough for the next little bit, those sound like some pretty fresh wounds. Have you been able to talk to friends?	labels:I would like to talk to talk to friends but they happen to be his sisters. So, I am cut off from all of my support. Thank You for talking to me.
text:I had a break up last year and while it was painful for a bit, i used it as an opportunity to focus on myself and the things I needed. It ended up being a really good self reflective opportunity. Maybe join a gym or a group of some kind to change your network a bit?	labels:I have been wanting to join the gym. Is it hard going alone or do you go with friends? I hate doing things all alone.
text:I like going to the gym alone but that's just my personal preference. There are fitness groups like bootcamps that you could join and meet new people. Who knows, you may meet a new friend.	labels:That is a good idea. I need to be around other people who have goals like weight loss. My boyfriend never wanted me to join groups and only wanted me to be friends with his family. That is why I am so alone right now. I made bad choices.
text:That sounds hard. You deserve to have friends of your own.	labels:I agree with you. Do you think that I should try calling his friends and asking for his new number?
text:there are lots of different kinds of groups you can join, not just fitness. and you can choose how much you want to actively engage with them. I would suggest taking time for yourself. Maybe give yourself some distance from him. If you both decide to reach out again in the future that may be an opportunity, but definitely take care of you.	labels:Yeah, I can see your point of view. I have been obsessed with our relationship. We had a fight and it was a verbal war between us and he wouldn't forgive me afterwards.
text:sometimes you just need some distance. I hate that old saying but as it goes "there are plenty of fish in the sea".	labels:It is true and I am a really nice person and have turned down other guys for him. I am going to stop thinking about him and just join the gym today. You have opened my eyes!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How are you doing today?	labels:It's a pretty day, but I'm sad.  How are you?
text:I'm doing well, thank you for asking! Do you mind me asking what's going on that's making you feel sad?	labels:I don't like being blamed for something when I don't feel I did anything wrong.  A neighbor's dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week and I reported it to our apartment manager and animal control.  She was given the choice to get rid of her dog or move and she decided to move.  But my neighbors are mad at me, because they think I overreacted.  I guess they liked her more.
text:It sounds like you feel as though you are being personally attacked/mistreated for something that you feel you handled correctly. Does that summarize what you're feeling?	labels:Absolutely!  You nailed it!
text:I feel as though you absolutely did the right thing! If I were in your shoes, I would have done the exact same thing.	labels:Thank you!  That makes me feel better!  But, I don't know how to make my neighbors feel that way and I hate being the outcast.
text:I have neighbors who act in similar ways. They act as though they run the entire street, but they rent just like everyone else does here. Dealing with them can be very difficult at times.	labels:Sounds like we live in the same neighborhood!  Ha!
text:Just based on what you're saying, I can completely understand why you feel the way that you do. In my opinion, you have every right to feel that way. Haha! It's not fun at all to have neighbors who make you feel as though you're somehow less than them. I know exactly what that feels like.	labels:Yep!  That's how I feel.  What should I do to get back in good graces with them?
text:I do know people who have gone through the exact same thing in the past. When another animal attacks one of your fur-babies, it's absolutely terrible. However, the fact that this woman was given the option to either get rid of her dog or move tells me that you are 100% correct in the way that you handled this situation. It's unfortunate for the woman, yes, but she should have had more control over her dog. It's bad enough when one animal is attacked, but when it's more than one, that's when you really know that it's a problem. Again, legally, she had to make a choice, and that's because she failed to properly secure her dog. I really don't feel as though you did anything wrong. If I were you, I would ask to speak with the neighbors who have an issue with you face-to-face. I know it may be difficult, but I think that would be the best way to go about it. Are you on good terms with the other person whose dog was attacked?	labels:I totally agree with you!  The woman is disabled and I think most of the neighbors feel sorry for her.  I've seen her loose control of the dog before, but she never attacked another dog(s).  I've even seem the dog pull her scooter over and the woman needed lots of help to get back into it.  I think everyone feels sorry for her.
text:That probably has a lot to do with it. I would feel sorry for her too, as it is very sad in general. However, it doesn't excuse the fact that her animal attacked two other dogs.	labels:I've talked to the neighbors face-to-face and they just think that I overreacted.  The woman started getting her dog and private training and so they feel that she was trying.  My point was that my dog weighs 15 pounds and her dog weighs 45 pounds and, if it happens again, I may not have a dog anymore.  I don't want to wait until a dog is killed or badly injured.  I told them exactly what you just said, but they are being mean! I guess I could try talking to them again.  Maybe they've cooled off some.
text:That is absolutely terrible. In that case, I would just tell them that you refuse to allow another dog to possible injure or kill your own dog, so you did what was necessary to protect your fur-baby. Had you not done anything, this could have happened again, and the outcome may have been much worse. At that point, if they still don't respond kindly, I'd tell them that you still feel as though you did what needed to be done, that you understand why they are upset, but that you will always do whatever it takes to protect your dog. Hopefully, they will stop being mean. Even if they just stop talking to you completely, it's better than them harassing you or something along those lines. If they do start escalating their nasty behavior, I'd let the manager of your complex know that you're being mistreated. I always try to keep things calm and quiet, but I refuse to be taken advantage of or treated poorly. Personally, as I stated previously, I wholeheartedly believe that you did the right thing. If they're unable to see that, I'd try to just avoid contact with them unless it's necessary. I know it stinks and I'd be sad too, but unfortunately, some people just don't know how to let things go and seem to find joy in making other people upset. I'm so sorrry that you're dealing with all of this.	labels:Thank you so much!  Those are really good suggestions.  I'll do that and, hopefully, they will calm down.  If not, I have other friends that live outside my neighborhood.  And I can talk to the manager like you said. I appreciate your help today.  And your validation that I did nothing wrong.  I was beginning to second guess my actions.
text:I'm so glad that I was able to offer helpful suggestions! Hang in there. You sound like a strong person! I would definitely spend some time with your true friends who live outside of your neighborhood. I can assure you that if someone else's animal attacked one of mine, I would have done the exact same thing that you did.	labels:THANK YOU!  Take care!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you doing?.	labels:I am not doing well. I am feeling very depressed due to work load and current household situation.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it?.	labels:Yes, due to COVID life is messed up. Work load has increase and more responsibility of household.
text:COVID has really changed a lot of stuff. I understand your frustration. Has your work increased because of COVID conditions. Meaning you have to take extra work, or doing tasks that you dislike to do?. If you don't feel comfortable elaborating, we can always talk about how you feel and how you can maybe feel a bit better. .	labels:Due to the furlough Company has increased my my work load three times. I am not able to take rest. Getting depressed everday.
text:That sounds really bad. I once worked in a company that placed unnecessary pressure on me, with a low pay. I can relate to how you feel. Do you have to depend on this company for work? . Sometimes it's really not worth working somewhere if it's really affecting your mental health..	labels:They are paying me well but It is hard to take the load beside I have family and kids responsibility. I don't have time for them.
text:I understand. But I want you to think about this. Your mental health is more important right now because it is affecting you. And how you feel really affects those around you, especially the ones who love you. If you take some time to think about what is more important to you in life right now can help you make a decision.. Working so hard can be a barrier right now. But you may have a bright future plan ahead. If so, that is something you want to look forward to.. I know what you are doing is really helping your family. And I know they really appreciate it, even if they don't say it..	labels:I can understand that. But my job is really important right now as my partner lost his in COVID. and he is not doing anything right now not even helping at home. It makes me more low and it is hard to take care of 3  younger kids who are staying at home full time.
text:Ok, I understand better now. Thank you for explaining. What you are telling should to be something you need to discuss with your partner. Do both of you communicate well with each other? Maybe he is not aware of your situation or how you feel..	labels:Nowadays he is so frustrated doesn't like to talk even. Whenever I bring household responsibilities or kids topic, he gets frustrated..
text:Oh no. I can see from his part he feels upset and frustrated because he may feel useless at the moment. But that's not an excuse to neglect responsibilities. You can maybe make him feel more useful around the house by starting to assign him small tasks. Encouraging him to do stuff and rewarding him with words of encouragement. I know it sounds kind of frustrating to do that, but maybe this small step on your half could also help him. . Do you have any family member that are close to you? If your partner isn't helpful, maybe seeking help from family can reduce your housework load..	labels:Nobody lives near by. Kids are to young to understand. I felt bit good after talking to you. Thanks.
text:I'm sorry if this did not help the situation. But I'm always glad to listen if you want to talk more.. It's a really tough situation, but you're a really strong individual. You've made it this far : )	labels:Talking to you made me feel good. Thanks for listening to me. I am feeling light now. You are agreat help. Thank you so much. Hope all will come back on place soon.
text:No problem. I really wish you the best and I hope everything works out! Crossing my fingers COVID ends soon.	labels:Hope so. Byee take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hi !\nHi can I help you today?  I am here to listen. Do you have anything happen recently that has you feeling badly?	labels:I am laid off.
text:Oh I am really sorry to hear that, DId you have the same job for a long time? That sounds very difficult to deal with.	labels:I was attending a customer . He was having a grievance  which I sorted out. But the management did not like that. For the past 10 years I have been with this job.
text:Thank you for sharing and reaching out for support today. It takes a lot of courage and I commend you for taking the steps to reach out. !0 years is a very long time and I would think you have probably learned a lot working at the same place for that long. You're a dedicated employee.	labels:I was okay with the previous manager. But recently a new young chap joined the duty. He was not experienced .He only is the reason for so.
text:That is really unfair and hard to deal with are you close to any famliy?	labels:I am not in any close to any family related to job.
text:Do you have any close friends to talk to about any new job prospects?	labels:I have few friends, I have been talking to them. They also tell I was not any wrong . For the experience and qualification, I will be getting a better job.
text:That is a positive outlook and is good to hear that you know you have skills to offer. Would you consider joining a new group at a church or something like that?	labels:I am so worried of the management taken action on me relying a new unexperienced manager.
text:I am sorry that you're feeling stress. Have you ever used writing as a tool to relax?	labels:My colleagues are also in contact with me. They are also having similar inconvenience as to how to perform? I have some other relaxation  like listening to music, gardening etc.,
text:Oh, wow then you do have a lot of contacts and some support or at least understanding. Music is a great way to relax and that id very positive in your life and current situation.	labels:I am so confident I will be having a better job within the next few months.
text:That is a great outlook. Thank you for sharing today.	labels:Meantime I try to learn new things to improve myself personally and professionally.
text:Thank you for reaching out today amd letting me listen.	labels:Do you have any suggestion for me? I always believe the third angle.
text:I would suggest getting a pet if you are up for it. They can be support animals.	labels:That is a good idea. But I dont like being close to any animal and letting them inside the house.
text:I can understand that feeling. I think maybe fish would be a distraction you may like to.	labels:I think motivation, self-development, getting more qualified is of my attention nowadays.
text:I understand and believe you have a great focus on a career. I am proud of you and your focus ability..	labels:Fish tank is a better option. I forgot that. That is why I am more believing in the third angle. Thank you.
text:You're welcome I can be available to listen or bounce ideas of off as much as you need.	labels:Talking to you I feel more relaxed and confident of me.
text:That is the goal and what we strive for. You are welcome.	labels:Okay. Thank you. Can I take a leave. Thank you for your valuable suggestions. BYE ! !	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing?	labels:I am feeling very sad lately. I can't seem to shake it.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about what is making you sad?	labels:I was in a long term relationship and he broke up with me. I should have broken up with him for cheating my me but I was in love and think that I still am. I feel like my life was a waste. I don't like being alone.
text:That sounds terrible. But I understand the feeling. I was in the same situation once. It is hard to move passed that. So your pain is very understandable..	labels:You then you know it feels like the world is collapsing around me.
text:I agree. It's like there is no more hope. But do you know something?. It is ok to feel sad sometimes.. You're the stronger one in this position. And you can show how strong you are by moving passed this..	labels:Thank you, I know that sounds right. I had my whole life planned out and it was going to end in a long term marriage and now its all gone.. I was thinking of getting a pet or something but I don't know if I am worthy.
text:This way sound weird, but I tell myself if something is not meant to happen, it would not. If you want to look at a more positive side of this, you can say this was a good thing that happened..	labels:I have always wanted a cat or a dog but my boyfriend said I wouldn't be good at raising anything. I can try to change my thinking but its really difficult.
text:I know you don't want to hear all these positive words right now. But It will get better. Trust me..	labels:I appreciate the support and need to hear positive words. Do you think I need to take a vacation or something?
text:It is hard to get passed someone's words, especially after spending so much time with them. How about start with a fish. I have a betta and he is really easy to take care of. But I have the responsibility of attending to his needs. If you can take care of a fish, you surely can take care of a cat or dog! I apologize if my typing is slow. I think maybe a small vacation would help. Or doing something you really enjoy. Is there anything you can think of?.	labels:I really love that idea and I love fish! I have always wanted an aquarium. I am thankful for your thoughtfulness and not just telling me what I want to hear.. I like to go boating but its hard to do alone. I also like to go hiking but its dangerous to go alone.
text:I agree. Are you a social person by any chance? By saying that I mean you can still go do those activities, but you can maybe meet people there and ask if you can join their group. That's great in a way because you meet new people and there are no attachments after you leave. It's like a fun, crazy experience :).	labels:Thank you for the support that is a good idea because I do like going bowling and I heard about a open social bowling night.
text:Oh that's awesome! But just remember don't try to distract yourself from the problem. Try to make peace with it. Because if you don't, you cannot move forward..	labels:You have opened to eyes and are making me feel like a weight is being lifted off a little bit. I am going to call the bowl alley and sign up right now. Thank you for the support and ideas that I needed at this critical time in my life.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?	labels:I am doing alright. How are you?
text:I am good, thanks. Is there an issue I can provide you some support with?	labels:Yeah I am pretty anxious all the time. I feel that I made a mistake coming back to school to get a PhD.
text:So, to reiterate, you are suffering from anxiety due to school? Or is your anxiousness also caused by other life factors as well?	labels:School is the start of the problem. I know that if I quit I can still be successful elsewhere but I also feel if I quit I will let my wife and kids down who were willing to leave family and friends to follow me to the school I wanted to go to.
text:I understand what you are going through. It is as if you are being pulled in two directions, but are not sure which is the best option at the given moment. I think it is great that you wanted to go back to school, but if your heart is not in it, then it may not be what you should continue pursuing..	labels:I know I want this though. I enjoy what I do and what I would do for my career if I graduate. I mainly feel inadequate. I feel that I am not good enough. I am willing to do whatever it takes but fear that whatever my "best" is may not be good enough..
text:I can feel your worries when you speak about your anxiety, and I am hoping we can find a way to approach your feelings. Do you think there was a specific instance that is causing doubts within yourself or is it in your nature to self-doubt?	labels:It is in my nature to self doubt. Additionally, I have had a few bumps in the road during my program and struggle to pick myself up after those bumps. For example, I am on academic probation and have a certain expectation over the next few months that I have to hit to stay in the program due to struggles in previous classes. I am reaching the bar just fine, according to those that I work with, and often feel I am doing quite well but occasionally I start to panic and think that I am not doing as well as I think that I am and start to spiral.
text:This has also been a past struggle of mine, and I think it partially stems from the bar we set so high for ourselves. We obviously cannot reach the top right away, but have to work our way up. Often times, when facing an obstacle, such as a bad grade, we might retreat further down the path due to fear that it will keep happening. I know that I personally had a tendency to think of my family and friends who I feel are dependent on me or comparing myself with others when the only person we should think of in these instances is ourself. When making progress, tiny steps upward matter more than you think. But when we take a step backward, we cannot fall back down to the starting point by letting our doubts pile upon one another.	labels:That is a really good point and helpful. Thank you!
text:Of course, I am happy to help! I have noticed that letting yourself celebrate a good grade can be really helpful to feel that you are enough and making good progress. But when things do go south, because life certainly happens, we must stay in the present and live life like we usually would, with a drive that we are going to push harder against whatever we have to face next..	labels:That is exactly right. I need to focus more on what progress has been made and not on what progress hasn't been made yet because there is still time to make that progress.
text:Exactly! I also suggest if you are having doubts, talk it out with someone like your partner or a close friend. They can often provide a pick me up you didn't even know you needed. More than anything, give yourself credit and relax. Take some time to just breathe and release the tension. I guarantee it will leave you feeling refreshed and fulfilled for the next tasks you have to face. I believe you can do this and I feel that you believe it too, which is amazing. As often as it is said, believing in yourself is truly the best foundation to achieve your goals.	labels:Thanks for the advice and believing in me. This has been challenging and your words of encouragement give me hope for the future.
text:You're welcome. It was great talking to you. Your future is bright, and I wish you all of the luck for the endeavors to get you there.	labels:Thanks! Same to you!
text:Enjoy the rest of your day!	labels:You too! Thanks again..	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello!	labels:I'm dealing with a lot of frustration and anxiety.
text:How are you?	labels:Frustrated and anxious.
text:Oh I understand how that can be. Would you like to tell me about it?	labels:Ok. I have a friend who I've known a long time, who is one of my closest friends, but who is extremely insecure. She constantly seeks affirmation that I love and care for her, even though she should KNOW I do, since we have been friends for so long.
text:I can understand how that can become a source of frustration after a while. Would you like to share what pushed it beyond the normal point today?	labels:It's just been an ongoing thing that has escalated recently because she's so afraid and timid and doesn't believe anyone could really love or care for her. I get sick of having to say that of course I love her..
text:I can relate because I also have a close friend that seeks constant reaffirmations.. Have you spoken with her about this?	labels:I have. I address it every time it comes up. She always sells herself short. Recently I suggested she could babysit my kids, she agreed, then almost immediately said it was ok if I had someone better in mind, and didn't want her, even though I had asked her! do you talk to your friend about it?
text:Sometimes it is very difficult to see yourself through someone elses eyes when you undervalue yourself. I know it may be difficult to remain patient when your friend repeatedly does this, but maybe you could explain to her that it makes you feel like she is mistrustful of your opinion when she second guesses your taste in friends..	labels:Yes, I know. Until she finds her self worth, it doesn't matter what any of her friends say to her. I have actually told her that. That it seems like she doesn't trust me..
text:Possibly explaining it in a way she can relate to would be helpful. I did in fact speak with my friend and it helped our relationship quite a bit. We continue to be very close 20 years later.	labels:It's frustrating to me and gives me anxiety because I wish I could change her to see herself the way I, and others, do. But I know I can't make her see her self worth. That's something she has to find for herself.. That's good to hear about you and your friend..
text:I can feel your frustration just by our conversation, and I too wish that she could see that you value both her and your friendship enough to reach out to someone that can just listen. Don't forget that your feelings are valid as well.	labels:I know they are. And yes, she's dealing with a lot, but we all are, and it would be so much better for her if she could trust the people who love her to actually love her..
text:Sometimes you have to take a step back and fill your own cup..	labels:Indeed. Thank you for your input..
text:Do you think a break would help you feel better able to deal with the demands of her friendship? Do you think a break would help you feel better able to deal with the demands of her friendship? It has been my pleasure! I trust you will make the right choice! Best of wishes!	labels:Not really, because I'd just worry about her. She needs someone like me to look after her. I'm kind of the Yin to her Yang. Thank you for your time and conversation!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How are you feeling today?	labels:I am feeling better. How are you doing today?
text:I am good. How may I assist you today!	labels:I would love some words of encouragement.
text:IT seem you need some encouragement to accomplish your goal. Hope I understood it correctly.	labels:yes.
text:That's great! We all need motivation and encouragement to do something.	labels:Have you been in a situation like mine before?
text:I have been  in this situation many time. I perform better when I get support or encouraging words from other. Can you please tell me little bit about your goal, so that I can encourage you accordingly.	labels:I always want a situation where i work without anxiety and fear of being forloughed because of my last experience.
text:I can understand your situation very well. We all face such a phase in our life time. you should not worry about it. Keep working hard.	labels:I put in extra work just to be on top of my goals.
text:That's great! Then you should not worry about anything. Now days situation is really stressful. We have to manage it somehow. You should give little time to yourself as well. It Will increase your productivity.	labels:My family is my greatest motivation to keep pushing hard .Time heals all wounds just well said.
text:Family is a great support, then you will definitely grow and you don't have to take any stress because you have everything there with you.	labels:Do you have dependents that look up to you?
text:Yes, I have kids. To look them up I need to stay motivated and positive because I am the reflection to them.	labels:that is true. I feel relieved chating with you. Thank you for your words of encouragements. It really helped a lot.
text:That's my pleasure that my words helped you. Stay happy calm and motivated and rest you have big support of your family. .	labels:Enjoy the rest of your day.
text:You too! byee.	labels:bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nhello.	labels:I am unable to focus on my studies due to stress. I am afraid that I am gonna fail.
text:so you mean you are afraid you will fail because you are stressed out with your studies.	labels:yes, due to stress and anxiety it is hard to concentrate.
text:that can be hard but you can do it. knowing that you are scared is enough motivation for you to push through.	labels:I can't sleep at night and having bad dreams that I will fail in my exams or I am unable to answer questions.
text:i can sense your feeling, i once had same mind stress before.	labels:So what you did? how you came out of it?
text:i stop reading alone. I read with my friends. girlfriend or read in a public place like the library.	labels:That is a great idea but due to COVID it could be risky to meet up daily and library is closed where I live.
text:yes, covid has made things messy but you can always connect with someone online and chat about what you have read so far. I did same thing during the lockdown.	labels:That's what I can do. Thanks! It might make me feel better. What else can I do to control my anxiety?
text:always make sure you get enough rest and when ever you are getting the feeling next time, distract your self with something you love and then continue after a while.	labels:Thank you so much for all your suggestion. Hope it will help me.
text:and make sure you eat well. and exercise to control your breathing.	labels:Is there any specific exercise?
text:you can do bit of yoga and meditating. You should be fine with that.	labels:Thank you so much. I am feeling motivated now . I will try to start it tomorrow onwards.
text:good is there any other thing i can help you with?	labels:I think that's enough to start with. Hope it will work out. Thanks for all your help. byee.	episode_done:True
text:I've tried this before and there wasn't anyone on the support side... I also tried to be the supporter but I think the screen froze at some point. I couldn't complete that side. So, I'm trying this again. Not sure if I got credit for the others.. Hoping I won't be punished with a rejection for talking to myself.\nHello how are you?  I am here to support you.	labels:Oh, hi! Thank you.. I was just talking to myself. lol No one showed up the last few times I tried to do this.
text:How can I help support you today? I know these are tough times and we all need to be heard.	labels:I'm just looking for someone new to talk to. I don't really feel like I can express my actual feelings in my current living arrangement.
text:I understand.  I have had to stay by myself for most of the year due to the pandemic.  That has been hard.	labels:I've heard the pandemic has affected a lot of people. I'm always alone anyway...or with my roommate,so I haven't noticed much of a difference. It's difficult when we have absolutely nothing in common.
text:Have you tried different games that help you get to know each other?  Maybe try a movie or series.  I loved Sweet Magnolia's on Netflix.	labels:I'm mainly worried that she'll throw me out of the house and I'll have no where to live.. Oh god forbid we watch a movie. She's too obsessed with CNN to watch anything else. She's become brainwashed by the tabloid media...
text:Oh my goodness.  The good thing is there is a moratorium on evictions so she would not be able to do that legally.  CNN can be overwhelming.  Try giving her some type of distraction.  Suggest yoga or some type of bonding. I think 24/7 news is problematic but here to stay.	labels:I actually do yoga every evening. She hates it. I'm living in her home without a lease, so I wonder if she can just tell me to leave. I can't imagine why anyone would want to watch the news for more than to just catch up (If you like lies and nonsense)
text:As long as you have property there she would have to formally evict you.  That is the good news.	labels:That is good news. Thanks for letting me know that..
text:I think it is best to stick with a short local news report. My pleasure.  So many people are worried about losing their place to stay but thankfully most are protected due to the pandemic.	labels:I just found mturk. I just started here. Any advice as to what to do? I've mainly just been doing surveys. I'm not good at the small tasks.
text:Check Youtube videos on using Panda's.  It will help you make more money.  I have done over 750,000 hits.	labels:Oh wow, that's amazing! I've done this particular hit 3 times...I've only found a person once though. I will definitely check out the videos. thank you! What are pandas? Or is it too hard to explain?
text:You are welcome.  Panda's help you keep grabbing hits.  You can store 25 at a time.	labels:Oh, I see. Great! Thanks so much for chatting with me and for the advice. It's been nice to have someone new to vent to. :)
text:Have a great night and take care of yourself.  It has been a pleasure.	labels:Thank you, you too!.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:I'm doing better now that I have someone to chat with! I've been feeling down and anxious about getting older lately because I've lost may parents and I'm worried about losing my aunts.
text:I understand, you feel like your losing everyone close to you and wondering about your own mortality now as well?	labels:Exactly, I worry about losing my aunts because they are in their 70s and 80s. I worry about my own mortality as well.
text:Have you told your aunts how much you love them? It may comfort you to know that you've shared exactly how you feel with them while they are here..	labels:I tell them every time I talk to them and try to spend as much time with them as I can..
text:I try to let everyone know I love them too just because we never know when we aren't going to be here anymore. I definitely understand where you are coming from.. Have you tried looking at any YouTube videos about life and mortality?.	labels:I agree! We never know. I haven't but I will check some out. I love You Tube but never thought to look there.
text:I personally have found some comfort in hearing other people struggle with their own mortality or their beliefs in an after life or different things. Maybe that could be something you could try looking into.	labels:I will definitely try that. It makes me feel better to know that you have found some comfort in hearing other people's struggles with their mortality or beliefs.
text:It sounds to me like you've felt alone in your struggles and you are not alone! Yes I have and I've heard from many others who have as well. That and there are some great books out there also!	labels:I have felt alone in my struggles. It's good to know that I'm not alone!
text:I'm so happy I could be here for you! It's not fun to feel alone, if we can all lean on each other in times of need the world will be a better place.	labels:do you have a favorite video or book, or one that you found most helpful? I appreciate you being here for me. You have given me some great ideas, listened to me, and have made me feel better. I feel calm and relaxed now. Thank you so much!
text:I've personally enjoyed looking into all the different types of religions and spiritual beliefs from around the world. It's nice hearing about different beliefs on life and death.	labels:I agree, the world would be a much better place if we could all lean on each other in times of need!
text:You are very welcome! Again I am happy to help and would love to chat any time you are feeling anxious about anything at all! I am always here for you!	labels:Thank you so much! You have helped me more than you know! So nice to have such a supportive friend to talk to!
text:You are very welcome! I hope you have a great rest of your day and please don't hesitate to message if you want to chat again!	labels:I hope you have a great rest of your day as well! If you ever need someone to talk to feel free to message me!	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you doing?	labels:I am very sad.
text:oh, what happened? why are you sad?	labels:I think I am just feeling down because of the pandemic.
text:ok, i understand. this pandemic has been really tough.. have you tried to take your mind off of the pandemic by spending time on your hobbies?	labels:I have but they aren't the same without my friends.
text:that's true. times like these really show us the value of our friends. have you talked to your friends recently? either in person or through phone/video calls?	labels:We have done a few video calls but it just makes me more sad that I can't see them in person.
text:okay. at lease seeing them in the video should have brought you some relief. Are you planning to get vaccinated when you are able to? And what about your friends? once you are vaccinated, it will help you meet your friends in person.	labels:Yes we are planning to get it as soon as possible but that is hard in our state.
text:oh okay. Have you tried checking with your friends to see if you could meet in person but still maintain social distance and wear masks, etc.	labels:None of them are really comfortable with that sadly.
text:oh okay, have you discussed anything with your friends to see if you find any alternative way of meeting?	labels:I have tried but we don't have many ideas.
text:okay. May i ask what do you do for a living? are there ways you can spend time on activities that you like so that it could reduce your sadness?	labels:I am just a student right now. All of my classes are online.
text:oh okay.	labels:I think things will get better eventually.
text:do you like any subjects in particular?	labels:Biology and anatomy.
text:yes, things will only get better from here. i hope with the government's plan to get vaccines sooner, will let states to administer them soon . and then hopefully you will be able to meet your friends in person.	labels:I truly hope so! Thanks for talking with me.
text:Sure no problem. Hopefully things will be much better for you soon.	labels:Thanks. Bye!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how is your head or heart today?	labels:Hello, I would like to talk to someone about my situation at work.
text:I hear you need someone to talk to. What is your situation at your work?	labels:My company is going through redundancies at the moment and I will not find out for another month if I am going to be included. I have a huge workload on at work and the bosses just keep piling more on top which makes me more stressed and anxious..
text:Being stressed and anxious is something I've experienced as well. I use breathing to help keep me centered, calm.	labels:Breathing calmly will not help pay the bills if I am made redundant. It's not fair, I cannot be made redundant if they keep giving me more work.
text:That sounds tough. Just from chatting with you, I can feel how anxious you are. It sounds like you don't feel heard by your boss..	labels:Sort of. I feel they have no communication or empathy for their employees. How can a company who is making their staff redundant expect them to work harder?
text: I have also felt unfairly treated at a workplace. Have you tried to talk to a human resources director or a company hotline?	labels:No, only my direct manager. Do you think that will help?
text:I believe you deserve to be treated fairly. I hear that you also believe that you deserve to be treated fairly. Calling a hotline or talking to a human resource profession is a suggestion.	labels:I think that's a good idea, I will try that. What kind of things should I say?
text:Expressing your feelings about the companies redundancies. Also, your feelings about the company having no communication or empathy for their employees.	labels:Ok thanks, i will do that. Thank you for your help and advice.
text:You're welcome. I hope this message finds you well.	labels:Yes thank you. Ah one final thing, other than breathing how else do you recommend for handling anxiety?
text:In combination with breathing, I suggest using a thought map to clear your mind. Also going for a walk can help you with your mental or emotional health.	labels:Ok thats great, thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you?\nCan I help you.	labels:I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy. I've been really anxious these past few days.
text:It is actually good. Why you are feeling.	labels:My boss has been talking about money problems at the company. In the past few months, employees have been let go because of budget problems.
text:So it should not impact you. Don't worry at all.	labels:I dunno. I think maybe it'll be my turn soon. Other people better than me, who have been there longer have gotten the chop.
text:You should not listen your co-worker. Just listen your heart. Do your best.	labels:I have been trying to do my best, but I don't think it's good enough. The company is running out of money because of the pandemic.
text:Start searching job meanwhile. Don't get panic. You have still lot of time. Be very patience.	labels:I've looked for a job. There doesn't seem to be much out there. Everybody else is looking too! The competition is fierce.
text:I can understand. It happened with my sister too. She was also panicking like you, but I told her to apply and give interview. Still it is in process..	labels:I'll keep applying. I've been drinking a lot to deal with my anxiety.
text:I can assure you don't worry at all. Keep yourself busy  with friends. Go out with them and keep yourself busy. You will be fine soon.	labels:I'm worried that I'm drinkng too much booze. My friends sit drinking with me and tell me not to worry about work. But I can't stop worrying..
text:Do meditation or yoga will help you.	labels:I don't even know where to start with meditation. And I can't stand that hippy yoga stuff. One of my co-workers does yoga. He raves about it. He says all the cute girls do yoga.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you feeling at the moment?.	labels:I am feeling okay, but I have been better.
text:Is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about with me?	labels:I am having a lot of conflict with my boss at work..
text:That is not good. Are you thinking of looking for new work?	labels:Honestly maybe. It is exhausting.
text:I had a similar situation myself a few years ago and I moved on. I've never regretted it..	labels:It is just a little scary since I don't have anything else set up.
text:Is your boss's behaviour unreasonable enough to justify making a complaint about him to HR?	labels:I have and they just contacted her boss. Nothing changed after.
text:It might be worth following up with. There are organisations that could give you free advice..	labels:That might be helpful but I still feel like I am alone in this struggle.
text:You should not have to suffer if you are being bullied. Please contact your local Citizen's Advice!.	labels:I guess I could at least try. You're so right.
text:Do any of your colleagues feel the same way  that you do?.	labels:They don't. I think that is what makes it so much more difficult.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Perhaps it really is the best time to just move on..	labels:It probably is a sign I need to do something else anyway.
text:Yes, the world is your oyster. I wish you all the best with whatever you do!.	labels:Thank you. I appreciate you talking to me.
text:You're welcome and take care. (you need to press quit first .. I can't :)).	labels:Bye!.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nGood. How are you?	labels:Not so good. My girlfriend dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
text:I would be upset after a breakup too..	labels:Thanks. I wish that I could get over her. I'm not sure what I should do.
text:Have you gone out on any dates since the breakup?	labels:I've talked to other women. They seem nice, but they all pale in comparison to my old GF.
text:Talking to other women shows that you are trying to move on..	labels:That's a good way to think of it. It just made me feel worse because it reminded me of something that I don't have. Maybe it will get better.
text:I understand. It is sometimes hard to give new people a chance when you are comparing them to someone else..	labels:I wonder what other people do after a breakup. I've asked others, and they tell me to just give it time. How much time, I wonder.
text:Giving new people a chance might help you move on.	labels:That's something to think about. I hadn't considered that. Even if the person doesn't seem perfect, maybe they'll be more appealing over time.
text:Maybe try a date that is casual and no pressure.	labels:Like a lunch date? Or coffee? Maybe without the pressure, it'll be possible to ease into a relationship.
text:A lunch date or coffee sounds perfect..	labels:Ok. I'll try that. The next gal that I like, I'll ask her to coffee. We'll see where it goes from there.
text:That sounds like a great idea.	labels:Thanks for the suggestions. You've really helped me get a better perspective on this whole thing.
text:You're welcome. I'm glad to hear that.	labels:Have a good day! Thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello! How are you feeling at the moment?	labels:nervous and anxious.
text:I am very sorry to hear that - I will help if I can!.	labels:Thank you. It is just that my job is ending soon and I have not found another.
text:Ah that must be very worrying, especially at this pandemic time. What field are you in?	labels:I am in the medical field at the momnet, but the contract is going away. moment"
text:I see. Have you already started looking for new work? It might help you feel more secure..	labels:I have, but the location that I am in is scarce with work. Which is quite surprising.
text:Would you contemplate moving? I hear that there are a lot of opportunities in your field on the East Coast..	labels:I would for sure, but that also makes me a bit nervous as I would not know anyone there. Thinking about all the possibilities raises my anxieties about the situation at hand and I am not sure as to what I should do.
text:I understand - I find it very difficult to meet new people too. Maybe you could join some online groups in  new area before actually moving there?	labels:That actually does not sound like a bad idea at all.
text:I find it much easier to meet people online. And you could get familiarised with local amenities too..	labels:Where would you reccommend finding a group?
text:Facebook is a good place to meet people I find. There are all sorts of different groups there..	labels:Familiarization would not be too bad, Facebook would be a good start.
text:Are you likely to be in financial difficulty after your job ends or do you have savings as a safety net?	labels:I have a small savings. To be honest I did not know about the contract end until a few days ago. It is a company wide type thing. So I was and still am not fully prepsred. prepared.
text:Is it legal for them to give you such short notice? You might have grounds for a complaint..	labels:I came on after everything was negotiated. apparently everyone else that was there at that time knew that it would no longer be an open location.
text:I am very sorry to hear that.. Try and see it in a positive light - this could turn out to be a really good thing for you..	labels:it is not your fault,but it does help to talk about it. Hopefully, fingers crossed for sure.
text:I am more than happy to talk any  time! Try not to worry too much.	labels:Haha I am always told not to worry too much XD.  I try no9t to. not"
text:Sorry :) I hope that did not sound condescending! Anyway thank you for talking and enjoy the rest of your day!.	labels:Well. I really appreciate your time. Have a great day, and not at all.	episode_done:True
text:HI, I am wanting to listen. How are you? I can understand reaching out can be difficult and want you to know that I am here for you and would like to help in any way that I can.	labels:I am getting depressed staying at home . i have not worked in 4 years.
text:I understand that can be very isolating. Do you have any family close by or friends that you can talk to?	labels:i dont have any friends or family here.
text:Are you experiencing a problem with finding a job?.	labels:i have chronic pain issues and i am on disabilty.
text:I am sorry and want you to know that reaching out is a great step today. Good for you in the effort.	labels:how can you help me.
text:I would like you to know that I was in a car accident and was in a lot of pain for about a year. I was able to work through it but know it is so hard. How were you hurt?	labels:I got injured at work. as my hand got trapped in a machine.
text:Oh, wow! That is really traumatic and I cant imagine that happening to me. You have been through a lot of pain and suffering. I am so sorry.	labels:will working make me feel better.
text:Do you have any pets? Sometimes pets can help with loneliness. Yes, work will help you but maybe we can think of other ways too.	labels:i dont have a pet. but i would love to get a cat. so should i not go back to work.
text:That is a fabulous idea. A pet will help with your bond. Can you work with your injury? I have heard of online support groups that can help with support from work injuries. I would love to share with you some ideas about emotionally healing in conjunction with your physical. An animal that you could rescue from a shelter could be a way to work your hand and do some therapy.	labels:I would really like ti know more about this.
text:I can recommend a shelter and maybe you can adopt a cat soon?	labels:I get really bad headaches and a wrist injury so i cant go back to work. i would love to know more about a shelter.	episode_done:True
text:Hi and good afternoon. Thank you for your time.\nHello, and good afternoon yourself. How are you?	labels:Doing pretty good. Struggling a little.
text:What is making you struggle?	labels:My situation involves our Daughter and Son-in-Law. He is not treating her well, rude, gaslighting and treating the dog better. He is also not very nice to our grandaughter. This is confidential, Right?
text:Yes, of course it is :). So we are talking about your daughter and her husband and their child together, right?	labels:Yes, He is a nice guy to others. At home he is so different.
text:I understand, people can often show different sides depending on who is around. Do you have any reason to think your daughter or granddaughter are in physical danger?	labels:No, they are safe. He's, like I said, a nice guy. Our Daughter, we are very close and she would tell us..
text:That's great news! It sounds as though you are just concerned about how she is sometimes being treat. Have you had any conversation with your daughter about their relationship?	labels:Yes, numerous. Like I said we are close to our daughter. She wants to stay together and talks with him. He stays for whatever reason. I wish he would talk to me, to us. We have offered. He knows that we care about him.
text:And that is so important and good to know there is trust from his side, to me it sounds as though that could be an olive branch for you to try and establish a conversation with both of them. An open and positive communication is always the first step in resolving anything.	labels:We have tried this before when we visit and he appears receptive. Treats he well and then when we are gone. He falls back into he behaviour.
text:I recently went though a similar exercise with a friend and her boyfriend. We sat down in a room and spoke about our feelings. We had ground rules first and everyone knew they could talk without being judged or escalating. Maybe you could suggest follow up conversations, re-cap about what was spoken about previously and they can both evaluate how they have progressed since then?	labels:Thats sounds like a good idea. We have talked with them individually. Now the next step. We shall see. Yeah consistency leads to accountability. I like the idea. Thank you.
text:I believe you have both their interests in mind. You sound like a positive person and you are just concerned for all 3 people involved.	labels:For sure, she is our daughter and our granddaughter needs her daddy.
text:I hope they will be well receptive of your suggestion for a follow up.	labels:Thank you. I have some good ideas after chatting with you.
text:No worries, I'm grateful for your time as well. If there is nothing else, I hope it all goes well and you have a wonderful weekend :)	labels:You, too. I appreciate your time, listening ear and advice. Take care and God Bless.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHi, I am hear to listen today. How are you?	labels:i am not well.
text:I am sorry to hear that and I have felt that way myself. Has something unusual happened that you would like to share?	labels:i have an exam coming up annd i dont wanna fail.
text:I understand and that can be very concerning. Have you been preparing for the test or have you had anyone to study with? I know that can sometimes help with preparedness..	labels:i dont have anyone and i live alone. i feel that my scholarship will be taken away if i fail.
text:I know that can be very difficult and I am proud of you reaching out for help and support! You are making great strides in talking about your feelings! A scholarship would reflect that you are very dedicated to school and that you are deserving of this award. You have a lot to be proud of, having attained a scholarship. I also had one and it can feel like a lot of pressure though.	labels:should i go to my school councellor.
text:Yes, that is a great idea. Have you ever joined a study group? A group of peers can also be helpful.	labels:I have been really upset as people from my study group dont respond to my emails.
text:I am sorry to hear that and know that could make you really sad. Do you have a relationship with a professor at your school? One that you can talk to about your feelings?	labels:I dont have a professor i can trust or feel comfortable taking to. I also dont have any family. i have general anxiety disorder.
text:Okay, I can understand your feelings. Have you heard of practice tests?	labels:i couldnt study because I have chronic pain issues.
text:I have experienced a little bit of what you are describing and I am so happy that you have reached out regardless of your obstacles. Have you ever tried to write down what you're feeling?	labels:i have never tries writing down my feelings.
text:I think it can help release feelings and help ground people. Do you have family that has experienced what you are feeling or been through college o a scholarship? I would suggest reaching out to family in the case of feeling anxiety..	labels:i dont have a lot of family. I am new to this country as wel. due to covid i cant fly back home.	episode_done:True
text:hello?\nHey! How are you?	labels:Not so good. Yourself?
text:I'm good but why are you not good?	labels:I've just received my pink slip at work. I knew it might happen, but was hoping they would choose to keep me on. I'm really freaking out here. I have got to find a job before Monday.
text:Did they have a reason for giving you the pink slip?	labels:They are getting rid of all kinds of people and I think the newest hires are going first.
text:You will find a job if you are determined enough :)	labels:People were let go every Friday for the last month. I was hoping I had another week to try and save up.
text:Do you have enough money to keep going?	labels:I am looking around the house trying to find things I can sell just to get me through the next week as far as groceries and I think my phone bill is due too. I really don't. This came at the worst time. I don't know what to do.
text:I think that selling your old possessions is a great idea. I can tell you are stressed just by speaking to you.	labels:I wouldn't say they're old. One was a Christmas gift from a few months ago, but I've got to do something.
text:Yes, pulling through this is the most important, because there may be a better future waiting ahead of you.	labels:So much is closed here due to the pandemic I'm not sure who is hiring. This is just too much. I sure hope so. Right now I just can't see a way out.
text:It will work out somehow, I was made redundant a few months ago actually.	labels:I'm so sorry. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. Where did you look for work? Do you have any tips?
text:Yes, I have stable work right now, but now I have learned to be prepared for the worst, but right now, you should do everything in your power to pull things together. Maybe do freelance in your free time? Special talents to showcase.	labels:I was thinking maybe I could do gig work like ride share or grocery pickup. That might help until I get full time somewhere..
text:Yeah, that's a good idea, and it would help you pull by. I advice you to follow your gut.	labels:I should probably contact the phone company. Maybe I can do a payment plan? I need to definitely try and consolidate things. I was really starting to get back on my feet and now the rug has been pulled out again. I don't know how I'm going to trust another job prospect.
text:Yeah, because right now your phone isnt your top priority, and you can trust another job, just always be prepared for the worst.	labels:I wish they had taught us this in school. I feel so ill prepared. I cried the entire way home. I thought about calling my parents and letting them know, but they have their own problems right now.
text:You should always keep your head held high because it is only in this state that you can make your best decisions for your future.	labels:I'm trying. I feel really ashamed. It helps to tell someone.
text:Its nothing to be ashamed about, and there is always someone to talk to with these things.	labels:Thank you for letting me vent. I'm going to call about my phone and search some job boards.
text:Yes thats the spirit, and you are very welcome :)	labels:Take care, and thanks again. Bye bye.	episode_done:True
text:I am having a deep sense of sadness after the break up with my boyfriend. I feel like crying all the time and I feel like the sadness will never end. I have sense of overwhelming sadness as if my heart is sinking or like I am on a sinking ship. I wake up in the middle of the night and I am gasping for air, too.\nThanks for sharing that with me. I'm so sorry you've been feeling like that. Breakups are so hard and can cause so much grief.	labels:Yes, I feel like I will never meet anyone else and that I wasted so much time.
text:I know those feelings of sadness can feel like they will never end- I have felt that way too before.	labels:Do you feel like the best part of your life was over? That is how I feel now. Its seem like all of my plans for the future are over and ruined.
text:But they do pass eventually and become easier to manage- with time and care. Do you have anyone in your life, a friend or family member who you can lean on when you're feeling so sad?	labels:I have a best friend but she told me that she didn't like my boyfriend from the beginning so she is glad that we broke up. Well, that I got dumped.
text:It sounds like it's hard to have your best friend not be as supportive as you want during this hard time. What has been helping you to pass the time these days- do you have any activities or hobbies that you like to do to relax, have fun, or take your mind of things?	labels:I have been wanting to buy a bike and start taking my dog out for little bike rides. I want to get one with a basket and have her sit in the front. I just hate being alone and I feel so sad about doing everything alone now.
text:That's a great idea. I love taking walks and bike rides outside when I feel down. I also have a little dog and she helps me whenever I'm feeling lonely- dogs are great at providing comfort and unconditional love..	labels:I just bought my puppy and she is super comforting. I think that because she was a recuse dog I feel a greater attachment. It is kind of nice having her.
text:My dog has also helped me meet other people and make friends- sometimes I'll walk my dog with others or go on bike rides with friends. If there is a dog park or local park nearby, maybe you can go and talk to other people there- talking about your dogs is a great icebreaker!	labels:I know about a local dog park and think I will visit it today. That is a really good idea. I don't need a bike for that.
text:I'm glad to hear that! I hope you have a great time there! Research has also shown that spending time outside everyday is really good for our mental health.	labels:You are giving me something to think about that isn't related to the break up. I feel like a weight is sort of lifting off of me. I think I needed to talk and get some of my feelings on the table today.
text:If you are still interested in getting a bike, I'd say go for it too! Biking is a great stress relief and form of exercise that often makes me feel better.. I am so glad to hear that and am so happy you are talking to me is making you feel better..	labels:Yes, I really want to get one but since I don't have a lot of money right now I will waitr on that and go to the dog park instead. I also heard about yoga iin the park.
text:Those are both great ideas! Yoga in the park sounds awesome. Yoga is another great stress reliever and form of exercise that is often free or very inexpensive..	labels:I am feeling like life still goes on and things are going on all around me. I am going to start seeing whats out there and trying to join in a little bit more. My dog is opening a door for me and with your encouragement too..
text:I am very glad to hear that. Is there anything else I can help you with today? I am here to listen..	labels:I was thinking about reading self help books or journaling but I was so down on myself.
text:Reading and journaling are also great tools to use. Even when you are feeling down it can be helpful to write down your feelings as a form of release..	labels:Thank you for all of your support and understanding today. I am going to journal and then head to the dog park and get some fresh air.
text:That sounds like a great plan. Good luck and I hope you continue to feel better..	labels:Thank you again for being a wonderful listener and better friend than my best one..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:Hi there.  I am not doing very well today.  I am really angry.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you are feeling angry today. Tell me more about that.	labels:I recently discovered some discrepancies in my paycheck.  I am not sure what to do to correct the situation.  I am just so upset right now.
text:I can definitely understand why this could make someone upset. What are you considering doing about the situation?	labels:I'm not sure.  I thought about quitting but I have been working there for over 7 years.  I haven't even told my boss yet. .
text:That sounds really tough. Sometimes people who are in your situation find it comforting to talk to someone they are close with. What do you think about this?	labels:I think that could be helpful.  I might call my sister and ask her advice.  It is probably not a good idea to quit my job.
text:It sounds like your sister might be able to help you figure out this situation. It can always be helpful to make a list of pros and cons about the situation. You originally said you were angry because of a discrepancy with your paycheck, but on the other hand it sounds like you are considering quitting your job altogether. What are your thoughts about this?	labels:Wow that is a great idea.  A list of pros and cons might help me decide if I should stay there.  I think I will make one today.  I also need to tell my boss.  Maybe it was just a clerical error.  I hope I'm not reading too much into it. .
text:It always seems easy to read to much into things. Another suggestion is to think about how the clerical error happened. Was it because of your boss? Or perhaps just an accident?.	labels:That is what I am unsure about.  I think I have to tell my boss so they can look into this issue.  I hope my sister is able to give me some good advice about what to say!.
text:It sounds like you are wanting to tell your boss about this. How do you imagine you will go about telling your boss?	labels:I think he will be apologetic.  He has always treated me fairly.  It is difficult for me to put my anger aside sometimes, which is why I have not said anything yet.  I am afraid I will not remain calm and might say something mean to him.  That would be terrible. .
text:It sounds like you are nervous about saying something mean. What do you think would be helpful for you to do do in order to prepare? Some people in your situation might find it helpful to role-play with someone.	labels:Yes!  That is a wonderful suggestion!  Maybe I can ask my sister to pretend to be my boss when I talk with her.  Im. OOPS!  I mean to say I'm sure she would be happy to help. .
text:That sounds like a great idea! Then when you actually talk with your boss, it will be easier since you already talked about it with your sister.	labels:Yes you are right.  I am so glad you suggested that!  I think the pros and cons list will help me a lot also.  I feel less angry now that I have a plan.  :)
text:It sounds like you have a great plan in place! I'm glad to hear you are feeling less angry now! :).	labels:I was so angry, I could not see the situation any differently.  Thank you so much for helping me make a plan.
text:I can understand how you feel. Sometimes I let my anger get the best of me, but it is always important to remember to stay calm and think about your options and have a plan!. I hope things go well for you!.	labels:And don't forget about asking for help! Sometimes that is the hardest part. Thanks!  I hope so too!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, can you help me?\nI'll do my best. What do you need help with?	labels:I feel depressed because I had to quit my job and stay home with my kids because of their remote school.
text:I can understand why that would make you feel depressed..	labels:Do you have any advice on how to feel better?
text:Yes of course. It's good that you are acknowledging your feelings. To improve your mood you could practice hobbies or other things you enjoy doing.	labels:I see. Yes I do enjoy knitting. I just don't feel like I have time to do that.
text:I can understand how you feel that you don't have time..	labels:When I do have time I feel too exhausted to do anything else.
text:Parents need to learn to take care of their own needs first before their children. Only then can you be truly available for anyone else.	labels:You're right, I need to find time for me.
text:Indeed, once you free up some time for yourself, I bet you'll start to feel better.	labels:Do you have other suggestions?
text:Yes, try meditation for a few minutes each morning.	labels:What do I do to meditate?
text:Take a few deep breaths and clear your mind of negative thoughts.	labels:That sounds good, but how will it help.
text:meditation allows you to set up your day in your mind and let you be calm.	labels:Will that help me get through the day and be happy?
text:Yes, it won't happen overnight but be patient with it.	labels:Ok thanks.
text:do you have any other concerns?	labels:no I think you helped me enough.
text:I'm hearing that I have helped enough and you don't have any more concerns?	labels:Yes and thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are things?\nHi Can I help you.	labels:Yes trying to get over the passing of my aunt a week ago.
text:You tell me. That's so sad. I am sorry!	labels:Thanks, it is actually a week today.  My mother has taken it particularly hard, they were best friends.
text:I can understand very how your mom is going through hard time.	labels:Thanks.  I really have not had much time to grieve myself since she is my first priority.
text:Time will heel her. That I can assure you.	labels:Do you have any suggestions what I might try to cheer her up?  After that I can worry about myself.
text:Tell her to meditation or yoga in the morning. This will definitely helped and her mind will be  busy.	labels:That might be ok.  I know she likes Neil Diamond.  Maybe get some of that playing while she meditates.
text:That is wonderful idea too . She will recover soon.	labels:Now what should I do for myself after she is better?
text:Be busy with your daily routine. Planning is the key.	labels:I thought about trying some daily exercise like just walking around the block a couple times with my dog.
text:Good idea! You can take your mom along with you in the park. She will recover soon.	labels:I thought about redecorating her house a little bit, they lived together for a long time maybe a change of scenery would do some good.
text:Yes, try to do all thgings. But do one by one. That is my advice for you.	labels:Ok, well thanks for your help.
text:Your welcome.	labels:I think when I start eating a little better things will improve too.
text:Start eating more fruits like me. I am trying to eat healthy.	labels:Ok good idea,  Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you doing today?	labels:Not too great, honestly..
text:Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Is there something in particular that's wrong?	labels:I am struggling to keep up with all of the assignments in my classes and I am anxious that I am going to fail some of them..
text:That sounds really stressful.	labels:It really is hard to manage.
text:Are you in a program that lets you choose your own classes?	labels:Three of them were required for majors in my year, unfortunately..
text:Oh, that's rough. I've had classes before where I had to take them but had a lot of trouble. Do you know anyone in the class? Maybe you could try studying with them and see if they can help.	labels:I have a couple friends in the same classes but there is so much material it is hard to find any time to get together..
text:It sounds like you're overwhelmed by all of the things expected of you. Sometimes schools have programs that can help with this sort of thing, like student support services, that might be able to get you extensions on assignments, or move tests around if they fall on a similar date.	labels:That sounds like a great idea but I am not sure if they will have any sympathy for me..
text:You might be right, it depends on the school honestly. It might not hurt to try though if you're really overwhelmed. Another thought is to try talking to your professors or TAs? They might be more sympathetic than you think.	labels:You're right. I guess it would be worth the time and effort to at least ask. That is probably better than just suffering.
text:I've been a TA for classes before, and even though I sometimes can't do too much to change assignment deadlines, I've always been open to talking to students about their struggles. It helps me to know who to keep an eye on and give extra attention to. Are you feeling any external pressure from your family or advisor to do really well?	labels:I don't really have much of a support system. I really am just trying to self motivate.
text:That sounds so hard, I think it's awesome that you're trying so hard on your own. Just the fact that you're in a program in the first place is really impressive.	labels:Thank you.
text:I hope you're able to find a support system through your friends, even if you don't have one at home.	labels:I hope so too.. Thanks for talking with me..
text:I know it's hard, but I think you're going to do a great job! And even if you fail a test, it really doesn't matter in the long run.	labels:You are absolutely right..
text:It was great talking with you.	labels:Thanks again! Bye..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:I'm sad.
text:What happened?	labels:My ex-boyfriend broke up with me.
text:Why did he break up with you?	labels:because I didn't trust him and I was always jelous.
text:I think you should try finding a psychologist to help your jealous.	labels:Yes, I think so, because I should not feel like that, I should trust him.
text:Apparently psychologist is good for people who want to share feelings and emotions.	labels:Yes, it's true. Thanks for the information. I'm trying not to talk to him or think about him, because I feel better.
text:It's good for you to do that. You'll feel better with time..	labels:But it's so hard do to that. I spend a lot of time with him.
text:I feel the same way. When it had happened with me. However, I talked it with my friends and family and made me feel much better.	labels:Yes. I'll do it.
text:You should spend time for yourself now. Take care of yourself.	labels:Yes, I'm going to do that.
text:I Know that in the beginning it's so difficult to do anything, you just want to sleep and do nothing, but with time you'll feel much better and try start over.	labels:Yes, it's true. For now, I'll just cry and sleep.
text:Yes. you should do that. It's not good to hold crying. You should just do what you want to do now.	labels:Yes, thank you.
text:If you need anything later, just text me.	labels:Yes, thank you.. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello...
text:How are you doing today?	labels:I am quite stressed.
text:Well I can definitely understand being stressed at this time.	labels:I can't believe that my hours were cut again at my current job..
text:Why were they cut?	labels:Because of the pandemic, my boss is not generating enough money so they cut everyone's hours. I don't blame him but I am so frustrated at this whole thing..
text:I can definitely understand your frustration. That is a big deal. Have you tried talking to him?	labels:I want to but I don't want to be fired or annoy them..
text:I'm sure that you wouldn't annoy them. It's their job to talk to their employees.	labels:I just don't want to annoy them. Meanwhile, I am trying to get another job but no luck so far. :(
text:Have you signed up for any job recruiting sites or consulted your state labor department office?	labels:Yep and unfortunately I still have not receive any response..
text:What about asking your neighbors if they need any help with child care or yard work?.	labels:No one in the neighborhood has kids and everyone does their own yard work around my area.
text:Wow. It sounds like you are really having a tough time. What do you think the next step in finding new employment is? What are your options?	labels:At this point, I don't know. I have thought about doing art commissions and selling them online but I don't know if my abilities are enough. Plus there is a lot of completion in the field..
text:That sounds like a fantastic idea, and even if there is competition, there are still a lot of people that might buy your art from Etsy or Amazon.	labels:You know what? I think I'll try it out. :)
text: It sounds like you have a plan. I know that you will do great. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?	labels:I think that is it. Thank you for the encouragement. :).
text:You're welcome! Have a nice day!	labels:You too!  :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi. What brings you here today?	labels:I am having a hard time with the realization that my once strong friendships are no longer as strong. I feel disconnected with them. The limitations the pandemic has set for all of us have been great. I am unsure if I will ever regain those friendships.
text:I understand that.  The pandemic has been very hard to keep connected with everyone. Have you tried talking to your friends about how you are feeling?	labels:Yes, I have tried to message them daily, but the responses have always been clipped and or the response comes after couple days. I do feel other friendships have formed within each community, feeling a bit left out. I feel silly, like a teenage girl, who wants to be included. Just want to feel as though I am still part of their lives.
text:It's completely normal to feel like that. I have been in your exact shoes.  I would suggest inviting one of them out for lunch or dinner and express face to face how you are feeling right now.	labels:I was thinking the same thing, but I am unsure I feel awkward now, I feel like I do not them as I thought I did. I am unsure why I feel this way. one of them is my daughters god mother and the text are there but they are not like they use.. I am unsure if I should ask why she has time for others and not us... just saying it makes me feel weird. anyone there?
text:She may be going through something at home or having family issues.  We truly never know what the other person is going through unless we have that uncomfortable situation. My suggestion would be to rephrase that question slightly to her.	labels:I agree with you, just seems really strange since we were inseparable before the pandemic. I am also aware many are going through this situation just thought my friendships were stronger and distant would not be an issue. I will, never did I think I would hesitate whats going on..
text:It's completely natural.  Instead of texting her, have you tried calling?	labels:Yes, I have. The conversation have been superficial, like small talk. There is nothing to share, I am guessing. My daughter has had lots of dance functions despite the pandemic and yet I have not felt supported. Perhaps shes not okay with venturing out during the pandemic.. though I do see on social media shes meeting other friends in social settings. Perhaps I need to be more open and not be so distant? Maybe its me and I am not seeing it?
text:How long have you been friends?	labels:we are both 35 and we met in pre K. we are lifetime friends. shes a sister to me. At some point our parents use to live in the same apartment complex, our parents are great friends as well. I was there for her babies birth, when she found out what she was having. We have shared grand moments together.
text:You both have been friends for such a long time.  I'm so jealous of friendships like that. I would definitely ask her for lunch.  You all have been through so much together. This conversation with her would be a weight off your shoulders.	labels:Yes, shes the serious one and I am the loud and carefree one. So having our roles a bit reverse has me a bit, weirded out. I am an only child, and perhaps that makes me feel extremely unconfident. I am sure if asked, she would respond I am just being needy. eh, I will ask, since the pandemic ive only seen her once.
text:I do not think she would respond that way at all. Once she sees that this has you concerned about your friendship, she will take it serious and open up to you.	labels:You are right! thank you for the reinsurance. I hate that I am this way. you have helped me so much today, thank you for helping see things differently.
text:I'm an only child as well so I understand how you are feeling :) you are welcome! Glad I could help!	labels:AWESOME! then you know the overwhelming need (sometimes) of being included. I think I have a plan, lunch and talk to her about how I am feeling, shes always been so understanding, I miss her babies so much.
text:Yes! It can be frustrating at times. But it sounds like you have a plan in order. You just need to execute it.	labels:Yes, I do , thank you! have a wonderful weekend.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, How are you?	labels:i'm kind of tired, you?
text:I'm okay. What is making you feel tired?	labels:This job I work in because its hard getting a better one.
text:So you are looking for a better job?	labels:I tried but no one ever calls but or pays too little for the amount of work expected.
text:Yes, I have observed that about the job market too.	labels:yea, and almost done with school but depression kept me from pulling myself out of bed to get an internship so I messed up.
text:You are feeling down about that situation. Have you gotten advice from the school about what to do?	labels:yea but I feel like a failure because I see people younger than me there also and demotivates me further.
text:Everyone progresses at their own rate. It sounds like your mood has been a challenge for you to complete school. Not everyone has to go through that, so try to be understanding of yourself.	labels:thanks, I wouldn't be so hard on myself if I had more support from my parents also.
text:Do they know that you are struggling?	labels:yea but they don't really care because they are more focused on fighting with each other and working.
text:It sounds like they have a lot of their own problems. Is there someone else you could talk to?	labels:I have a friend who i talk to but I feel bad imposing so much.
text:Do you listen to his or her problems too?. You could check in with your friend to see how they are feeling about your communication.	labels:yea I do, they also had their own issues so they understand me sometimes but it does help to vent sometimes.
text:When people feel they are burdening their friends, it sometimes means they should find a counsellor to talk to. Venting is important, it's true.	labels:yea I did that and it helped me cope a lot better since I don't hurt myself anymore at least.
text:That's really positive.	labels:yea! also thank you very much for letting me vent it does help a lot.
text:You're welcome.. I know what it's like to not know the future and to be depressed.	labels:Thank you very much for listening and hope you have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHi, how are you today?	labels:Oh, I'm okay. I'm just tired of everything and it has me down.
text:I see, I've been feeling that way too recently. Is there anything in particular that has you upset or just life in general?	labels:Just life in general, I guess. I'm tired of covid. I'm tired of worrying about my mom and not going out and everything.
text:That makes total sense. Covid's been going on for so long, life is so different now.. Do you want to talk about what's going on with your mom?	labels:She's high risk, so we have to be careful who we come in contact with. We try to limit time in public and all that. I order groceries for pickup at walmart so i dont have to go in, and my schooling is all online so i dont have to go to class.. She's been fighting cancer. She's in remission now, but her immune system is still compromised and we have to be even more careful than we usually would have to be.
text:I think it's really great that you're doing all that for her! It must be extra hard to have to limit public interactions even more than most people. That sounds so stressful to have to be worried about her on top of everything else. I'm so sorry you're going through that. Have you been able to keep in contact with friends through video chat? That's something that can sometimes help when feeling isolated.	labels:Yeah, we text and have group chats and stuff, and we snapchat a lot. It's been a while since I saw any of them, though. At least we have that, though. And yeah, it's really stressful worrying about her. And she feels so bad because I can't see my friends or go in the store or to school.
text:It sounds like you don't think the online interactions are a good substitute for in-person things. Does that sound right?. Ah, that sounds like kind of a cycle of guilt going on. Where she feels bad about you not being able to go out, and you feel bad about her feeling bad..	labels:Yeah, it does. I don't need a lot of in-person interaction. I'm an introvert, so this was all just fine when it started. But even introverts need to be around people sometimes.
text:Yeah that makes complete sense. It seems like you have a good idea of who you are and what your needs are..	labels:Yes, it does seem like the cycle of guilt.... I try not to let her see how much this is affecting me, but she's my mom and she can tell....
text:I wonder if you could do something like take walks in the park with friends, or see them with masks where you're really socially distanced from everyone.	labels:Yeah, I'm pretty good at self-analysis lol.
text:I really hope things get better for you. Covid should be ending soon hopefully with the vaccine, and things will start to go a bit back to normal.	labels:Oh that's a really good idea! That might be something we can do. It won't be quite the same, but it's better than nothing. I'll ask my mom's doctor if that will be okay. Thank you. Hopefully it will, and hopefully she will be able to get the vaccine soon, too..
text:Yeah! I hope that works out for you. I've been finding getting outside and doing things with others has been helpful both for social and exercise. It's been really nice chatting with you :)	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for listening to me today.\nNo problem! How are you doing? How can I help you today?	labels:I am nervous about receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I dont think I can handle it financially, the fear is real.
text:I am very sorry to hear that. Facing pay cuts at work can be a very stressful situation.. Are there situations or moments that specifically make you feel like this is going to happen? Or are you just feeling a general sense of anxiety and fear it might happen?	labels:Yes, specially with the disastrous winter storm I underwent. Makes me nervous if our state decides to shut down to combat the pandemic. I am unsure as to what to do. I believe its more of a general sense of anxiety. I had to take a 25% pay cut with reduced hours, it was a complete lifestyle change. Not only for myself but for my children.
text:I can definitely understand why that would be difficult.  Dealing with uncertainty during the pandemic is extremely difficult, as there are so many unforeseen circumstances. . One thing that helps me out in those moments, is to remember that there are things in the world and life that I can control, and others that I can't control..	labels:Yes, I could not agree with you more. Specially now that I have tapped into my savings and retirement. Never in life did I think I would worry about paying my light bill..
text:It seems like the best thing you can do at the moment is try your best to do the best you can at your job. If there will be paycuts, you might not be able to prevent it. But at least you will know that you gave a valiant effort..	labels:Thank you for the kind words. I have control of some aspects. Perhaps I will apply for an additional job, just to ensure I have a steady income. Thank you for the guidance. If you dont have any other advice we can end our interchange after this reply.
text:I just wanted to remind you to remember, anxiety about something that has not happened yet is not always helpful to yourself. By focusing directly on what you can do, you can make sure you are prepared for anything negative coming your way..	labels:Thank you, I will keep that in mind..
text:Is there anything else you need help with?	labels:No, not today I feel a lot more calm and gained a better understanding of my emotions and the situation I am finding myself in.
text:Good, I am very glad to hear that. I am wishing you the best in the future and definitely feel free to contact me if you need support again!	labels:Same to you, thank you for understanding and offering really good advice, i am guessing I had forgotten that there are things I can control. I am unsure how to end our chat.
text:Do you need any help with any other questions? Otherwise, there is a quit button on the side.	labels:No, thank you for putting everything in perspective for me. goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi Can I help you.	labels:Hi, I'm having trouble with this distance learning. It seems more difficult than in-class learning. Most of my teachers just post lessons on the classroom website, and there's not a lot of guided instruction. My grades are slipping. I'm used to getting mostly A's, and now I'm mainly making Cs. It has me really anxious.
text:My son have same issue. We have to deal with this covid situation. I can understand how you feel. It is very difficult.	labels:Yes, I'm so tired of it! I never thought I'd say this, but I'm ready to go back to school!
text:School started already . That good idea to go and attend.	labels:We aren't doing in-class learning. My mom is high-risk so I'm not attending to minimize possible exposure. The option is there, but if you can't because of health reasons, they let you stay home and do online learning all week. For my mom's sake, that's what I'm doing.
text:You are so kind. Thinking about your parents. Only few months you have to deal. She will get vaccine soon.	labels:Hopefully she can get the vaccine soon. She's afraid of it because it's new, but she knows she has to get it.. She's been talking to her doctor about setting up an appointment. I've heard the second dose can make you feel pretty gross, so that's what I'm worried about. I hope it doesn't affect her too bad.
text:I got last week my first dose. Tell her not to be scared at all. Don't worry at all. Believe me.	labels:Oh that's great! Does it hurt? I know I should get it eventually but I'm low on the priority list cuz I'm healthy. But I'm afraid to get it because I'm terrified of needles lol. Thank you, you're too kind.
text:Not at all. It is very easy. Easier than flu shot.	labels:Oh, good. That does make me feel better. Thank you for that.
text:Your welcome.	labels:I hope once she's able to be vaccinated, I'll be able to get back in the classroom for learning. Then maybe my grades will improve. Covid has had me very anxious the past year. School hasn't been as easy as it used to be, and I've been worried about my mom getting it.
text:Definitely. I am assuring you will be fine very soon.	labels:Thank you for saying that. This has made me feel much better..	episode_done:True
text:Hello, How can I help you today?	labels:I'm scared about my future.
text:Can you tell me more about why you are scared for the future?	labels:I got fired because of Covid, and I don't know how I'll be able to find a job and have an income.
text:It seems that Covid has had a negative effect on your employment and financial insecurity is weighing heavily on you.	labels:Yes that is correct, and with the job market, how am I supposed to find a secured job.
text:I can understand that feeling of insecurity, and how helpless you feel. I myself have been in the position of loss of income and financial insecurity in the past, and while it was hard while I was in the valley, I was able to walk out of it with some valuable lessons.	labels:That is true, I just have to work hard for myself. I am learning valuable lessons like the idea that companies don't care about their workers, etc. Working more on myself sounds like the better option.
text:It sounds like you are already identifying areas of self improvement. A person with confidence in themselves and the ability to reflect and grow are promising attributes potential employers look for.	labels:Thank you for all that you've done today, I couldn't get through it without you dude. Thank you for your time today, hearing my concerns about the future!
text:You are so welcome. I know that you will succeed in your employment search as you have the skills and humility that potential employers are looking for.	labels:I'll continue to keep on the lookout for new job opportunities, as well as improving myself for the long term. I appreciate it!
text:As you continue your job search, can you think of ways that you could trim your cost of living for the short term? Returning to the basics for a time could help save you money while you take the next steps with your career. Things like planning meals ahead of time, using items you already have instead of buying new, letting go of subscriptions you don't use daily or don't deem necessary.	labels:I could definitely reduce my spending like going out less for fast food, cutting my Netflix and Hulu subscriptions, and prepare my own meals for the next week weeks, as I try to find a new job. This would definitely help with my concerns about income and financial security.
text:Our lifestyle seems to be all about convenience and instant gratification, I myself being guilty of wanting those as well. But I think when we strip our needs down to the basics for a while we allow ourselves to find what is really necessary, as well as what is truly important to us.	labels:Very true, people definitely need to find their fitting for when things go wrong. Failure or bad events give us time to think about the important things in life, as well as our true needs.
text:And it is important to remember that everyone goes through cycles of feast or famine, and that when you are walking through a famine you yourself are not a failure. As long as you know you are doing your best to succeed under the circumstances you have been handed, you will never truly be a failure to yourself or to others.	labels:Thank you, this has really helped me overcome my anxiety and fears of the events from the past year!
text:I am so glad you have been able to look within yourself to see that you have all the resources you need to handle this period of life. You have a optimistic attitude and a can do spirit, and those will take you far!	labels:Thank you for your time, I'll have to be leaving now, this will help me for sure!	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Hope you are doing well! How can I help you today?	labels:i am extremely stressed outat work. at * I can barely switch off from work.
text:So your work load is giving you stress and you cannot change your job. Right?	labels:yes that is correct ! Due to the pandemic, barely any jobs are available . it is very hard to find anything.
text:It is really hard time to find a job and work load is increasing due to less hiring..	labels:absolutely! Too many people are of a furlough scheme, but the work load is still the same ! it is absolutely manic ! i am working 4 departments at once.
text:It is really a lot of work. You might not have any spare time for yourself and family. Situation is really drastic. You should talk to your boss..	labels:My boss believes that I should just take the workload as it is. I dont know what to do.
text:I can understand your situation very well as it happened with me in past. In this scenario you should take small breaks to relax your body and mind. You will feel better..	labels:I hope so, I am very scared to lose my job, as my boss says I am not capable to do my work if i get stressed out so easily.
text:Time is running bad for all of us. We have to take care of our health at this time. Stress can lead to so many disease and it will be hard to afford that extra burden in terms of time and money.	labels:Do you think I am better off finding something else or at least try ?
text:Yes, you should keep looking for it with your current job. There is no harm in being prepared.	labels:oh absolutely ! Do you think I should try out medication to help with stress?
text:You should consult a doctor for that. You can try yoga or meditation if you can take little time for yourself..	labels:I will give this a go! Are there any home remedies I can try ? I can barely get hold of my doctors, it is so hard to get an appointment!
text:You should try to give bit time to yourself. Try to talk to friends and family over the weekend. All these things always work for me.	labels:sadly we are not alowed to go out in this pandemic , it is so hard to keep social .
text:That's true ! Still you can go and relax in your backyard with family or talk to them on phone. We will feel good.	labels:Thank you for your advice, very halpful ! Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I've been really depressed lately and feel like there isn't anything I can do to break this feeling.\nCan you tell me what happened?	labels:November before Covid started I was diagnoses with CRPS (its a nerve issue that causes immense pain) and had to stop doing my activities like dance, then when Covid hit last March and we all had to isolate I have not been able to interact with people outside my immediate family.
text:So you suffered from a nerve issue pain and not being able to do the activities you like to do before Covid. Plus Covid made u not able to social with other people. Is that correct?	labels:Yes that is correct.
text:I feel isolated as well after long time quarantine. It's like living alone in the forest..	labels:I know I'm not alone and that's what makes it hard to reach out, because I don't want people to think that I think my problems are worse then there's.  It just seems like everyone was happy to find different ways to stay in touch when the lockdown all first started but the longer it goes on the less everyone seems to be trying to connect.
text:I bet there are lots of people feel the same as you do. But they are afraid of sharing the negative emotion to others as you do.. It seems that you don't want to bother others. You seem a very thoughtful person..	labels:I just don't know what to do about it anymore. Yes, I don't like to bother others or let other people down.
text:That will give yourself too much emotion burden for sure.. Have you visited a physician for suggestion of your pain relief? Maybe yoga will be a more gentle way to replace dancing. What do you think?.	labels:It is a lot, I'm used to being the person that everyone comes to for help, but I am not very good at asking for help myself.  I have seen a doctor and they started my new medicine regimen but unfortunately there is no cure for this disease.  I was going to physical therapy but finished that right as Covid started. Plus it does get better as the weather gets warmer so the winter has been hard, really looking forward to spring and summer for a little relief.
text:I'm sorry to hear that no good medicine for your issue rite now..	labels:I'd be open to doing Yoga once things open back up, but having this disease puts me in a high risk category so my interaction outside the home still has to remain limited until we develop some heard immunity.
text:I know. Sunshine is always best cure for a better mood. Did you try to maybe walk or drive around your neighborhood for some fresh air?. Oh, then drive around might be the only option.	labels:I'm hoping to get out and go for walks once the weather warms up, unfortunately right now there is still some snow on the ground and it's not quite warn yet being in the northeast.
text:Ye. You did the right choice. Safety is always the first concern.	labels:I did take walks along the path in our development last summer so the cabin fever wasn't as bad as it seems to be with all the snow that basically kept me inside all of february.
text:Does where you live have a online social activity group on FB or an app called Neighbors? That could be a good way to communicate with others in a safe way..	labels:The local FB group is only full of everyone complaining about everyone else (seems when everyone is home things seem to get on peoples nerves more so then when people could get away from home consistently) but I've never heard of the app Neighbors, I'll have to look into that.
text:Give that a try. Maybe you will meet some friends there..	labels:I will definitely have to look into that.
text:Sounds great. I'm glad you didn't give up seeking for solutions to make yourself feel better.	labels:Getting someone else's perspective helps because like you recommending that app, there are things I don't know about out there so I appreciate that.
text:You are welcome! Glad I can help.	labels:You did thank you, and I hope you have a good day and a great weekend and stay safe yourself!	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nhello.	labels:i need som help, i feel so sad.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do for you? Please tell me what's wrong?	labels:I think you can talk to me, maybe I will feel a bit better. I had a breakup with my boyfriend.. Feeling depressed, can you give me any advice?
text:For sure, I am happy to talk to you. I am sorry for your breakup..	labels:Thank you, but  I do not feel motivated to do anything. What should i do with my feelings?
text:Is there anything you want to do right now that helps maybe. For example, to eat something, to listen good music or take small walk in fresh air etc. I can feel you, it must be so hard to you. take your time do not think about a lot. when I have bad times, I just want to take a nap. It maybe help you feel better.	labels:I think you are right, maybe i just need to take a pause in my life for now, yeah I like to sleep. Thanks for supporting me.. I think I will try what you said today. Maybe I will watch some movies and then take a nap. what do you think? Are you here?	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello!.	labels:I am not feeling very good about myself lately.
text:Why are you not feeling very good about yourself, lately?.	labels:I am a single mother, and I dont recieve any support from my childs father. I am struggling mentaly because I have no one to talk to. I have lost all of my friends since becoming a mom.
text: I understand how you feel. All will be well, you are going to be okay.	labels:Thank you, but I feel like everyone says that.
text:So, just from my understanding you are a single mom and your friends have distant from you because oh this?	labels:I think the main reason ive lost my friends is because I cant go out with them or hangout anymore because I have a baby. Im not fun anymore. I had my child young so I feel like I lost out on my youth.
text:It sounds like its been really tough for you and wish you had more support from your friends and even your child's father..	labels:Yes, thats right. But Im having trouble accepting the fact that I have to do this alone.
text:I myself am single mum so I understand how you feel. You will find also that there are many others dealing with this issue so you are not alone.	labels:Can I ask, as a single mother yourself, what was something that got you through those hard times? And was it hard financially?
text:What go me through those difficult times was seeking for counselling also I had family that were very supportive and helpful. The father of my child did not pay child support at first so I took him to court eventually and he was forced to start paying child support, so financially things got better.	labels:My child's father has six other children and said hes at the max on child support. I guess I wont be getting anything from him. But Ive been making it work, its definitely been hard, but Im getting some money saved to give my daughter a better life. Thank you so much for talking with me today.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! I hope that you are having a wonderful start of your day so far.	labels:Hello ,y day was good though stressed.
text:Tell me more about it. What made your day stressed?	labels:i have been auctioned.
text:I'm not sure what you mean by that? Can you clarify what you mean by that?	labels:my properties have been auctioned by the bank.
text:it seems that you are having a bad day, mostly attributed to the fact that your properties have been auctioned by the bank. Correct me if I'm wrong.	labels:Yes you are correct the problems with the bank how do i solve not to sink into depression.
text:So, I have also struggled with that in the past. The way that really helped me put things into perspective is to cut off some of the vice you have in your life!	labels:the banks are driving me into depression. am struggling to make ends meet.
text:I know it's a tough situation, but I know that you can do it.. Would recommend seeking conversations with friends or family.	labels:thank you yes i think that will do me better.
text:By speaking to those who are close with you, you will definitely feel relief. I want to let you know that you are going to make it. There is light at the end of the tunnel and only you can be alter it with your willpower. I believe in you.	labels:thank you i feel energized now.
text:I'm really glad you are feeling that way!	labels:will speak to a close friend and a family member.
text:please do and remember that they are only there to help you, as I am sure they love you very much. Likewise, I will in contact with you and there are plenty of resources online that you may consult if you are not feeling well.	labels:do onlone help. do online help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello!  How are you today?	labels:Much better than normal, even though the stock market is down.
text:Are you an investor?	labels:I am a student that tries to put as much money into as possible..
text:I can certainly understand the struggle with being at that stage in life.  Has this affected you negatively?	labels:No the stock market really doesn't cause stress for me, mostly just small things that I think my brain overreacts to.
text:What sorts of things?	labels:Kind of a variety of things. I typically get bad anxiety after a night of going out. So I am trying to cut out drinking.
text:So you feel that the drinking itself gives you the anxiety?  Do you suffer from anxiety when you do not drink ever?	labels:Sometimes but I think the root from them comes from when I do something while I'm drinking. Not that I do anything bad, but I just  don't like not remembering things.
text:So you would say that you drink to the point of blacking out? Or you just seem to get foggy on details when you've had a reasonable amount of alcohol?	labels:I used to black out a lot, but I have tried to control it by cutting the former amount of drinks I consumed in half, if I do choose to go out.
text:I have drank to the point of blacking out several times in my life mostly when I was younger and I found that it either came from a certain type of alcohol or mixing different types.  Have you noticed it could be related to that or simply the amount of alcohol you are drinking? .	labels:It is typically the amount I'm drinking, but cutting out drinking as a whole has probably helped me the most.
text:Certainly making sure that you only drink a certain amount like a couple drinks of beer or only a shot of harder drinks might alleviate this or refraining from mixing drinks.  Sometimes also it could be due to the company you keep...the amount you drink.  Do your friends encourage you to drink more?	labels:They don't necessarily attempt to get me to drink more in volume, but I do have to tell them I'm not gonna go out for the night..
text:Are they okay with it when you decline?	labels:Yes after one or two statements they give up.
text:Okay so they ask you a couple of times and then they move on.  That's good that they don't push you too much.  Certainly keep with it if not drinking helps you to not make bad decisions.  I'm sure you have other interests in life that maybe you could drag your friends out to enjoy so that might help...sober fun!  Also if you find that you're struggling with not drinking that might be a time to look for support.  Maybe see a therapist as there may be psychological reasons you can not refrain from drinking.  Maybe look into a group like AA or something similar to share your struggles with others.	labels:Thanks for the ideas and the help, have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:I feel heavy pressures from my parents, they also want me to be the top of the class but I find it tough because they are other top students. Please what do I do? Hello?\nHi! how are you doing today?	labels:Not so good, I'm feeling down.
text:It sounds like you have low energy. What makes you feel down?	labels:My parents keep putting pressures on me to be the best in the class and with my learning difficulties I am finding it had to cope.
text:I can understand parental pressure. They want to see you to be a successful person. Sometime it is overwhelming. you should talk to them that you are doing your best.	labels:I have tried, I am even doing extra classes but they still keep on putting pressure on me. On top of that all my friends have distant from me for no reason and they ganged up on me to bully me.
text:It must be tough time for you. show your work report to your parents and try to tell them all the people are born with different potential.	labels:Hmm...That doesn't seem like a bad idea. I am just worry that my parents will not be very understanding. My parents are too strict and they don't like to hear any complaints or excuses.
text:Most of the parents behave like this when it is regarding their kids future. When I was in school same thing happened with mw. They know us very well I realized now.  Try to talk to them everyday for a while. It might work.	labels:Maybe you're right! Although, my parents have a very busy schedule but fingers crossed when I do find time to talk to them they will understand me.. I sometimes feel like someone older needs to talk to them, maybe then my parents may take it more seriously. Well! Thanks I give what you said a go.
text:Hope you are feeling bit relaxed now..	labels:Yes! I feel a lot better now that I know someone understands how I feel.
text:I am glad that I am able to make you happy..	labels:One more thing. How should I respond to the friends that are ganging up on me?
text:sure! You don't have to worry about that. that should be their problem. just ignore them or don't give attention. They will stop doing it for sure.	labels:Hmm..interesting because now that I think about it, I believe this could have contributed to the stress and anxieties that I have been experiencing. When I don't get support from anyone I feel so alone, timid and down.
text:Try to take small break while studying and try to relax.	labels:Yes, I find that has helped me a bit also because I have quite a short attention span . Also, I am currently on the path of trying to find more unique techniques to help revision more fun and exciting for me.
text:That's great! you will do awesome.	labels:Thank you very much! I feel much better now and I've taken on board what you said, hopefully there will be a positive change in my parents character. :)
text:You are welcome!	labels:Alright! Well I'll talk to you some other time to give an update.
text:Sure! take care.	labels:Thanks you too! :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhello how are you.	labels:i'm doing fine, but not well, what about you?
text:im good, what is not going well?	labels:I have problem, can't find the job, I'm in the depression right now, cause od covid I can't find even the simple job..
text:ok lets talk about this, so you are feeling depressed because you cannot find a job due to covid.	labels:Yes, you are right.
text:im sorry that you feel this way, covid is really making it difficult to find work. I also have not been able to get a job due to covid.	labels:I understand you. In my situation, I need to pay for my bills, and for rent of the apartment. What do you think, what can help me, to get from that. I have a lot of outcome, and no income. And it get me into depression.
text:are there any resources avaible to you such as unemployment or other local agencies that might be able to help you pay your bills?	labels:No, as I'm from foreigner in UK, and don't have all needed documents, I need to do it by my self.
text:that sounds really difficult.	labels:Yh, I know.
text:do you have any family that could possibly help you through this time.	labels:Yes, actually it really can help..
text:maybe contact them after we are done talking and tell them what is going on.	labels:Yes, i understand it..
text:is there anything else that you would like to talk about or ways I can help you?	labels:No, that was my problem, that can be solver by talking with my relatives. Thanks for help!
text:OF COURSE! I wish you the best.	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:hello. are you there?\nhello. how are you today?	labels:im upset with my current job they don't value me as a person.
text:wow, you mean they don't give you credit. that's not good.	labels:yes they show favoritism, and i feel over looked.
text:are you sure you gave in your best still?	labels:i gave 100%. Every week they score us and mines is always 100% but when they recognize people they never call my name..
text:everything is going to be ok, eventually they are going to know what they are missing because it once happen to me once at where i worked in New Jersey.	labels:what did you do?
text:you will soon get your praise. Trust me.	labels:but what did you do?
text:what i did was that i continue to do everything in my power to make the company better. one day i was recognize for my achievement and that was how my reputation sky rock.	labels:but did it make you feel like just leaving the company for a better one that would appricate you?
text:i considered that option many times but i also have it at the back of my mind that, champions don't quit and i am no coward.	labels:that was very helpful thank you.
text:you are very much welcome. just remember that you are better than what anybody might think of you. just be patient, your time will come.	labels:I will try not to give up.	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHello, how are you today?	labels:hello. hi i am  not feeling too well.
text:I am sorry to hear.  Why are you not feeling well?	labels:I just found out that my husband has been cheating on me. hello.
text:I am so sorry.  I have been in relationships before and cheated on and it is difficult.  However, you can learn many valuable lessons on what you look for in your next relationship.  It will make it stronger and better in the long run!	labels:i have not been able to get out of the house and i feel so upset and disgusted. i have a one month old child and i dont know what to do anymore. Should i leave him and how can i go on in life now. helllo.
text:I understand that it can be extremely difficult.  Why do you feel you are unable to get out of the house?  Would assistance caring for the child help you?	labels:i feel ashamed and ugly and rejected . i dont want anyone else to take care of my child. i feel so stuck in my life.
text:You should not feel that way!  You are a great parent for your child and going out and participating in a hobby that you both enjoy can possibly help. .	labels:yes I understand that but how do i deal with my marital issues. i feel very sad about what has happened. i have not eaten since yesterday.
text:Do you think counseling could help fix your relationship?  Eating is important and you should eat to receive the necessary vitamins and nutrients.	labels:i can try councelling. should i still talk to my husband.
text:Counseling can be a great option.  If you feel that your relationship can be fixed and you are both committed to each other, counseling can be a great option for both of you.  If you do not, some counseling for yourself may be a great option as well.	labels:i will look into this. can you recommend a counceller. hello.
text:I do not have a recommendation due to potential geographical differences, but on google.com you can search counselors in your area and find some.  The reviews may help you decide on a solution.	labels:should i tell my husband about this.
text:If you feel it is necessary to discuss with your husband you can, but if you do not, you do not have to.  You may be able to speak to a counselor and ask their opinion too.	labels:i feel ashamed now when i look at myslef coz i feel that my husand cheated coz i am ugly.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi. How can I help you.	labels:I am not happy. I lost my job.
text:Oh, thats bad. When you lost your job?	labels:about 4 months ago.
text:In which field you are looking for?	labels:Bus driver and/or Production .
text:You can try as a school driver. As school now opened You will get it.	labels:That is what I did do but with union rules and bidding rights. There is not enough work.
text:Try Uber and that is good choice as you are not doing anything.	labels:I tried but my cat is not new enough for their rules.
text:Oh ok Take deep breath and just keep applying.I am sure you will get something good. Believe in god!	labels:God has been my source of comfort he's my everything!
text:That's really good. Keep trying your best . Apply everyday for job. You can start with grocery stores . I am assuring you that good time will come soon.	labels:Than-You it's is good to talk about this I feel better. I will try to go to grocery stores maybe even can do deliveries. Are you there?
text:yes.	labels:I am not so sad not . I will look for other suggestion you gave me. I cannot get unemployment because I only worked part-time.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello there. What is on your mind today?	labels:I am stressed because I must learn through classes on ZOOM instead of a regular class.
text:What is it about the Zoom classes that you find stressful?	labels:I am learned Excel, and the teacher is presenting her excel sheet, but Zoom is on my phone and it is hard to learn on a tiny screen. learning*
text:I can relate to that totally. I have had a hard time learning Zoom too. Mostly I have trouble with the audio though. It can be frustrating.	labels:It is frustrating, and last week, I had a panic attack shortly before class started. My ears were pounding and I could hear nothing the instructor was saying through my earbuds..
text:I know that is very difficult. When our anxieties take over it can be hard to think clearly.. Have you tried casting the zoom on to a larger screen?	labels:Yes. It is also hard to concentrate when my nephews are at home. Most of the monitors and TVs are taken by other household members, but I think I will buy another monitor.
text:I think getting yourself a new monitor is a great idea!	labels:I have a laptop, but I need it full screened for Excel and Zoom takes up too much space, so that is why I had it on my phone. But I think a second monitor is an excellent idea, thank you..
text:In the meantime, take some deep breaths when you feel yourself start to get anxious. It may be helpful to explain the situation to your teacher as well.	labels:I agree!
text:It sounds like you are trying to solve the issue but get overwhelmed like we all do. I think you are doing a great job. All of this new stuff is difficult to learn.	labels:Thank you so much for your help. I will tell my teacher as well.
text:You're welcome! Are there any other things on your mind?	labels:Yes, I think it's hard to concentrate when others are at home during covid. Nephews are learning from home as well, but they get breaks and they try to get my attention when I am trying to study.
text:Have you tried explaining to them that you are trying to study?	labels:Yes, but they are rowdy.
text:I can see where that would be frustrating.	labels:I think I will ask my sister if I can use the laundry room as a little office so that I can close the door.
text:Have you tried asking their parents to speak with them ?. That is a great idea!	labels:Yes, I will try to resolve something with her. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello, how can I help you today?	labels:I'm really stressed with school exams. and I'm struggling with anxiety.
text:Ah that sounds tough, why exactly are you stressed?	labels:I have 3 big exams coming up at the same time, and they're all really important for my final grade. I know I'm going to badly because I haven't been learning well during the pandemic.
text:Okay, I understand, I see how that can also make your anxiety worse. Currently, on a scale of 1-10 how well are you understanding your course material?	labels:Probably 4. My roommates are just so loud and inconsiderate, I can't make any progress studying.
text:That's completely normal you haven't made any progress. That would make things so hard and I applaud you for coming so far with that going on!	labels:I guess so. But if I fail or do badly on my exams it's really not going to be good. I'm on a scholarship and have to keep above a 3.0 gpa.
text:Would you say your problems start with your roommates?	labels:They're the biggest problem right now. But I think having to learn from home is the main problem. It's so hard in a tiny room with just a laptop. No library, no office hours, no study groups.
text:I completely understand, the same goes for me. It can be hard to keep up with grade expectations especially when money is on the line.	labels:Are you a student too?
text:Yes, and I completely get it! Its so hard to self-manage without the right resources.	labels:Yeah, I wish the professors and university would be more flexible. When the pandemic first started, we didn't have grades, and that was really helpful.
text:Ah and then they started rolling in, correct?	labels:Yeah, even though nothing has really changed. I feel like until way more people get the vaccine, we're still in the pandemic.
text:Me too, unfortunately for us, universities don't seem t have the same sentiments. For starters, I think it would benefit you to eliminate the more closer problems: your roommates. Have you tried talking to them?	labels:Thanks for that suggestion. I have tried, but they are immature and just want to party. I've started staying in my room which helps, but is very isolating. I wish I could afford my own place.
text:Makes sense, isolation makes it hard to form that connection. I can see your dilemma. Are you currently working?	labels:No, just a student. I will try to get a job this summer.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.\nGood afternoon.	labels:I lost my job 1 month ago and I can't find a new one, I have fear and anxiety that soon I will have nothing to pay with for my rent. Would you be able to suggest me how to cope with my fear?
text:I am sadden to hear that. I'm sure if you think positive and try really hard you will find a job and thinking postive will help with your fear and anxiety..	labels:It's just I feel fear all the time, and now with this pandemic it's really hard to find a job. I have a feelings now that if I fail I have to go back to my country as a loser.
text:It sounds like the pandemic has caused you to feel fear and have anxiety, is that right?	labels:It some sort of way, I lost my job because of it and my girlfriend is not talking to me as well now...
text:It sounds like you are under a lot of stress and don't have a way to realse that stress.	labels:Ah could be, what could you suggest me to do?
text:You can try yoga, or doing activities that cause you to feel relax..	labels:I can try, but I don't see how it will help me to find a job. I barely can sleep at nights.
text:Getting a lot of rest or releasing stress will improve your fear and anxiety, which will lead to a more positive attitude to finding a job. Having a more postiive attuide well help you find a job..	labels:Do you think interviewers see that I have a fear and anxiety and that's why I don't get a job?
text:Of course they do. They can sense those emotions and take that into consideration when they are interviewing you..	labels:Oh ok I will try yoga then. If it will not help me what else I can try?
text:You can try to mediate and not focus on such negative things..	labels:Can I have any medications to intake to easy fear?
text:I am sure they have those, but of course you will need a doctor's opinion..	labels:yeah I will, Thank you so much for today I feel better now.	episode_done:True
text:hi, can you help me?\nHello  What is on your mind today?	labels:Well, school has just been getting so stressful, I don't have the motivation to keep up in class.
text:so your not feeling motivated to do you school work?	labels:yeah.
text:Thats tough , do you have a set school time?	labels:Kind of, but the schedule is a bit weird, like every other day I only have an afternoon class and on the others I have both morning and afternoon, and if a teacher has a meeting then no class. Now that I'm saying it I guess it is a bit irregular.
text: it sounds like your schedule is different almost everyday. I know I find schedule changes like that to be hard to manage.	labels:Yeah, my sleeping schedule is also very irregular due to this. At most I get 5 hours on a good day.
text:ouch without the right amount of sleep , everything is difficult. Have you thought of setting your own schedule to follow?	labels:I'm not really good with stuff like that, every time I try and make a schedule for myself I end up disregarding it because there's just no point. Also I think i should mention that I do online school through google meet.
text:no point- what do you mean by that ?	labels:I mean that its not like anyone is holding me to the schedule anyways, and I feel like I should spend my time doing something I like instead, you know?
text:I see - you find it hard to stay motivated when something pulls your attention to something you are more interested in doing . Does that sound right ?	labels:yeah, thats right.
text:Have you thought about why doing your school work is important ?	labels:Yeah, I know its important and I always end up finishing it, it just seems like there is not enough time and the feeling drags me down. I don't have long until I graduate, but I cant find the motivation. Instead of learning in class, I end up teaching myself the content two hours before an assignment is due.
text:have you thought about scheduling free time for your self ? It can give you something to look forward to and help keep you motivated /Almost like a reward for finishing your school work.	labels:I schedule free time for myself during classes, after classes and throughout the day, its never been like a reward though.
text:maybe if you only schedule free time and school work time - you can use it as a reward- plus it would help you stay on task.	labels:true, how do i stop myself from turning it into all free time though?
text:good question- changing any pattern takes practice . You could use the 3 r's  Reminder- Routine and Reward  .	labels:okay, that sounds good.
text:great  so glad we came up with a plan.	labels:yeah, thanks for the help.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I hope you can help.\nHi there! How can I help you today?	labels:I am depressed and have zero motivation, especially at work.
text:I hear you. Is there a particular reason why you might feel this way?	labels:I don't know. I just don't have any energy. Life just has too many problems. It is too much weight to carry.
text:Is it that your life is just getting so stressful and busy that work feels like the last straw? Correct me if I'm wrong.	labels:I guess work itself isn't the problem. My job is a little boring, but not that bad. I think everything else in life is just too much. And it leaves me with no energy for anything else, like work.
text:Ah, I understand that feeling completely. It's totally normal given the current situation and even without the whole virus situation, life is just tough. Do you work in the mornings?	labels:Yes, the virus doesn't help. And my parents have health problems which is scary. I start work in the morning. I work a normal 8 hour day, sometimes 9 or 10 hours.
text:Just from hearing that I can imagine your stress and how hard it must be to get through a single day. Do you think it would be possible to get a day off or change your hours a bit?	labels:Yes, it can be quite hard. Very exhausting.. Yes, I do have time off. I plan on taking 3 days off at the end of the month. For a small getaway.
text:Ah, that could be exactly what you need! I suggest you take that time to completely detox and get away from work and your problems.	labels:Yes, I think that will help. And time spent reading. What do you suggest until then?
text:Until then, I suggest you prepare a little bit for the trip each day. Give yourself something to look forward to.	labels:Yes, that does help me feel good. I wonder if morning exercise might help?
text:For example, packing a bit of clothes each night or planning which places you'll visit. Yes! Morning exercise will definitely help eliminate stress  and make you feel better about your health and more comfortable. Take it slow and don't forget to breathe :)	labels:Yes, that sounds nice. Breathing is great! I have been doing breathing meditation, which helps. THank you for the support.
text:No problem! Is there anything else I can help with today?	labels:No, I think that is all! Thank you for everything!
text:Have a great day and no problem!	labels:You too!	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi, I am here to support you in anyway that I can how is your day going?	labels:I am  feeling very low.  Negative thoughts are all around me. I am loosing interest in day to day work.
text:I understand what you are saying and have felt low at times in my life too. I am proud of you for reaching out for help and trying to get a new perceptive. You are making progress today. Do you think it would help to give me an example of a time when you lose interest? Maybe it will help if I share something that I have been experiencing lately. Recently, anytime that I watch a love story or a romantic comedy I become so sad that I end up crying through the end of it and needing to lay down from exhaustion..	labels:I dont feel like watching tv even. I have no interest.
text:Okay, so youre saying that when you try to focus on tv you are unable to do so?	labels:Yes, I dont feel like watching anything. I am sitting whole day and doing nothing. sometime crying for no reason.
text:Do you have any close family? Are you in contact with any friends that you can talk to?	labels:yes, but no one is near by. On phone it is hard.
text:Okay, have you recently moved away from your family? That sound very difficult being so far away.	labels:I live far from my family due to my work.
text:Oh, I see. Well great job using your extra time to reach out for support. Did anything happen recently that has caused your distress? Have you broken up with anyone for example?.	labels:I don't feel angry. I started crying for no reason .. What should  I really want to come out of it. Not able to find what is making me like this. How can I come out of it.
text:Have you ever tried to journal your thoughts?	labels:No, That is a great idea. I can do that. Thanks.
text:Wonderful! I recommend ending each day with a journal entry and the record how you are feeling over all every three days..	labels:Hope it will work for me. any other suggestions? Thanks for all your help.
text:You're welcome! I also like to ask people if they are exercising because I find that it helps me and my mental health.	labels:I will try to start that too. I am feeling bit good now. Thanks for all your support.	episode_done:True
text:good morning.\nHi , how are you?	labels:tired, how about you?
text:Good afternoon. Why your tired?.	labels:Is it afternoon where you are? I'm still waking up, should have more coffee. And, I am just always tired, tired of everything these days.
text:Yes , What happen why you are tired please can you explain. ok , everything going ok.	labels:I think it's my depression. I have a very hard time getting motivated to do anything. Nothing seems worth it.
text:Please can you tell why you are in depression ?	labels:I have suffered with it all my life, but this past year has made it so much worse. I feel as if I have no control over anything as these stupid lockdowns go on and on and on. Are you a real person?
text:please engaged yourself in different actives that help you come out from this depression.	labels:I know that I need to do that, but it's pushing myself that is so hard.
text:yes, everyone going in this situation because of lock down.	labels:For sure, and I know that so many are much worse off than I.
text:yes i know that's hard put please try to engaged yourself in fun activates.	labels:what do you do for fun? can you give me any ideas?
text:those activities that you like that you feel fun in it. here is also lock down situation from log time , how is there? Why your in depression because of job or any thin else. thing*	labels:Same, wish I could move to another state where they have more freedoms. Also, it is still winter here so that does not help. I spend my time worrying about those hurt thru all of this...so many having depression, anxiety, increased overdoses, suicides and relapses. I have always had this depression, think it must be a chemical thing, I don't know. I just never feel happy, since i was a kid. Quit my job recently because I was working helping people filing their unemployment and it was so stressful!
text:why please don't feel like that i hope you will come out from this very soon.	labels:I feel other's pain so much. thank you :) you sound like a nice person.
text:yes , Thanks.	labels:can you tell me where you are? I am in the US, in Illinois.
text:I'm in London.	labels:I hope you are real. It is good to connect with someone else! Cool!!! I would love to hear your accent, lol.
text:yes I'm real and i hope everyone come out from this.	labels:At least there is sun out today. How about there? It's been nice chatting with you. I hope you have a good day! Do something fun.
text:cloudy, windy as always here.	labels:haha...sorry about that! Be safe and hang in there. It's got to get better someday. It's on the way.
text:Thanks , i hope i help you in all this your situation.	labels:You have! Just to talk to someone is good. Thank you! bye for now.
text:your welcome, bye.	labels:have a nice day, and weekend....bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hey! How are you?	labels:Im tired how are you.
text:I'm good but what makes you tired?	labels:I dont sleep well anymore. Doctor says its part of the depression. Up 4 or 5 times a night. Eventually i give up and just stay up.
text:What makes you depressed?	labels:Life!!!!! Bills!!! Feels like im drowning instead of keeping my head above the water!!!. I feel like ill be okay though!!! I still have a little bit of positiveness in my head.
text:You will be able to keep your head above the water thats the spirit!.	labels:Just keep swimming right? Lol.
text:Keep that positivity inside your head :) And lol yeah do that.	labels:Will do thanks for the encouragment.. It helps.
text:Yeah do your best :). Your welcome!	labels:God bless you. Hope all is well. Stay safe suring ths crazy pandemic.
text:God bless you aswell :) I hope you get through this.	labels:During.
text:You aswell stay safe.	labels:Im from florida where are you from?
text:Im from new york.	labels:Ah ive been to new york once. Just before all this stuff with the pandemic started. Very pretty state. Traveled trough it a few times as well.
text:Yeah new york is a bit crowded than many other states, but its good.	labels:Flordia isnt far behind it but it has a ways to go to catch up. It was nice chatting with you. Hope your day is great.	episode_done:True
text:Are you there? Just wanting advise on how to handle this?\nyes i am here, how are you today? what is the problem your having? hello im here thank you. how are you feeling today? whats the prpoblem your having? hello. what are you having problems with?	labels:Can you not see my problem above?
text:what are you habving issues with today.	labels:I wrote a long issue above.
text:sorry i was having technical difficutlties, but i did not receive a message regarding what your having issues with. can you tell me again please. im sorry about that, but im here to help you as much as i can.	labels:I have a friend that was using heroin.  She said that she has quit and is getting help and is now on suboxone.  However, I am not sure if that is the case.  There are times that I am talking with her and she has droopy sleepy eyes and kinda nods off.  I have comfronted her but she denies any drug use and gets mad and says this is why addicts go back because they get acussed even when they arent using.  Any advise on what I should do?  Should I just leave it alone and home that she is getting the help she needs?  She has 3 kids too..
text:so your probelm seems to be that you want to believe she is getting the help for her heroin problem, but you are hesitant becasuse of some of her actions when you see her>	labels:yes that is correct.  I worry about her and her kids, but I am not sure if she is clean or not..
text:thats a tough situation to be in with someone you care about, i went through a similiar situation with one of my parents, so i have somewhat of an idea where your coming from.	labels:I just dont want to make her mad and steer her away from me.
text:are you familiar with anyone else that knows her and her situation and have they shared the same concern? the issue is, suboxone is a narcotic as well, so if shes still getting used to the effects of suboxone, it may seem like shes still using heroin, when in reality shes just struggling getting used to the suboxone. maybe you could sit down with her, and without accusing her in any way, ask her how the new medicine is working for her and questions of the sort in order to get a judge of how she acts and how she answers, that may be able to give you a better idea of how much your suspicions are true or not.	labels:Yes and yes.  I have thought it could be the suboxone.  That is a good point.. Thanks for your advice..
text:thats what im here for. im glad i could give you some input today. i hope you can get this figured out and it isnt as it seems.	labels:Me too!  To be honest it is my daughter so that is even more alarming!. They don't want to listen to family.
text:that must make it that much harder. just do what you can for her without pushing her away,  and pray to god she keeps herself on the recovery path. addiction is an evil and vindictive dicease, and it holds no boundaries. never give up on her, as its always key for someone struggling with addiction to always have someone they know they can talk to.	labels:Thanks so much.
text:anytime. im glad i could help. have a wonderful day, and ill be sure to throw you and your daughter in my prayers. best of luck to you and god bless.	labels:Thanks again!  Yes please pray for her!!! God bless you!!	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how are you today?	labels:Hi, Thanks for talking to me today. I've been so upset about my boyfriend breaking up with me.  It was so unexpected.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. When did he break up with you?	labels:He texted me yesterday!  Can you believe that?  We've been together a year and he broke up with me by texting me!!!  He couldn't even do it face to face!
text:That seems very cowardly to break up with you over text after being together for a year..	labels:Yes, I thought so too!  He knew I'd be upset and he didn't want to deal with me I guess.  He knew I wanted to get married some day from the very start.  He knew it didn't have to be soon.  I'm still in college.  I just want to know that he wants marriage some day but he decided that marriage is an institution he doesn't believe in.
text:That is a shame. I can understand his perspective if marriage is not something he wanted but it seems hurtful to string you along in  a relationship if your life goals were very different. Was your differing opinions on marriage the only reason he gave?	labels:Yes, It was completely unexpected because things with us were going great.  I was completely blindsided.  We hadn't even talked about marriage lately.  He just knew that it was something that I wanted in the future.
text:That sounds very difficult. How have you been coping with the break up?	labels:I've just been crying and laying in bed.  I called off work today.  I don't want to see anyone right now.
text:I think this is to be expected from a very fresh break-up. I know that when I broke up with my partner, I spent at least a few days crying and trying to figure out what my life would be now.	labels:How 'd you get over it?
text:I tried to focus on other areas of my life and to critically reflect on my relationship. Largely, I threw myself into my work and tried to better that aspect of my life, and hung out with people that I knew cared about me. Both of those are very good distractions which you might be able to use.	labels:Maybe calling off work was a bad idea...  all I'm going to do is think about this instead of doing something to take my mind off of it...
text:I think one day off to get the crying out of your system is a good emotional cleanse. We all need time to self care and look after our emotions. Maybe going for a walk or doing some yoga, to place your focus on something rather than being boxed into a room may help to shift your focus.	labels:I think I'm going to get out of bed and do something to take my mind off of this .  Thanks for chatting with me today! I think I'm going to do that!  There is a park by my house that I'm going to go for a walk in!  Some fresh air might be good for me!
text:You are more than welcome. I hope that you feel better by being outside..	labels:Thanks!  I hope so too!	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nHi! Hope you are doing well today. How may I assist you?	labels:i am really depressed because of my friends.
text:It seems you are badly hurt by your friend's action. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:yeah.
text:So What's bother you a lot ? What happened which leads you to feel like this?	labels:i have heard my friends talk behind my back. they are really nice in front of me.
text:That is really bad. It must be hard for you to trust on them.	labels:it is. i really don't know what to do. how can someone you count on do this to you?
text:How do you come to know that they are talking behind your back? you should talk to them and ask what is the cause that they can't directly talk to you. If something bothers you you should directly talk to that person. Sometime it gives a clear picture.	labels:I accidently listened to there conversation. i asked them what was wrong by they pretend as if nothing has happened.
text:I can imagine how stressed or shocking it would be for you. It is really hard to count on such friends now.	labels:should i leave them?
text:Once one of my friends lied to me. I wanted to breakup with her. Before that I decided to clear the things that why she did that. Motive behind her lying was not bad. I forgave her and we are still best friends. So you should clarify the things or give them one chance.	labels:i was also thinking the same. i know they are my true friends.
text:leaving is really easy but having good friends are hard to find. Think about the time when you made wonderful memories.	labels:i just don't want them talking when i am not around. if something's wrong with me. just spill it out.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Currently unemployed and this effects my impression of self as a person, husband and father. Doing mturk work and created a Youtube channel to share information gleaned during prison time.\nHi there. I understand how are you feeling. I have been looking for job for the past 5 months and it is a huge challenge.	labels:Sorry to hear of you own challenge. Job search sites seem to have so much garbage out there.
text:Have you been looking online and try to apply for other jobs?	labels:Yes, have emails coming in from several sites. At the same time though been helping out elderly parents with doctors, cleaning, cooking, etc. How about you?
text:I know most of them is not helpful and somethimes waste of time. It is important that you keep ypurself busy during this time.	labels:Hence doing the mturk work and creating content for the Youtube channel. This is part creative and hopefully income producing in the future..
text:I'm doing some kinda gig jobs too. I have been selling a lot things on Ebay, same thing  i can use my creativity and dont let my mind go crazy. Yes, I believe Youtube channel is a great source for new opportunities nowadays. Everybody is facing a challenge time right now, we are all together on this.	labels:Sounds like a similar situation. Not sure if these efforts will pay off long term but need to do something to maintain sanity. Youtube can pay something if there are enough hits and subscribers..
text:Sure, in short term is a good choice. The most impoetant thing is looking foward always. For long term we are going to figure out something else.	labels:Having a religious base too can help..
text:For me this is the powerful tool, I pray every single day. We need to be grateful for beeb alive and for been health.	labels:Unfortunately, too many are at the base of the hill of the Lord and not climbing. Followers, not disciples. Hard to have gratitude when seeing other or thinking of our past..
text:Yes but still has few that are on the right path. We need to keep our faith.	labels:Encourage you to continue your journey. This life is but a blip in the eternal spectrum..
text:Sure soon we are going to see the lights at the end of the tunnel.	labels:Unfortunately making amends in some ways depends on having money which requires a job..
text:What do like to do on your free time?	labels:Working on a notebook of studies I did during my prison time. Content that is becoming the Youtube channel. Also work out to stay fit and mentally healthy.
text:Sounds interesting. I wish I had more ideas to do youtube as well but  I am not good doing this things.	labels:Thanks for the effort. This task seems to be taking longer than I thought..
text:Yes Im working out too not much as i wish. Thank you.	labels:Hard to work out when your bummed. Going to sign out now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?	labels:Hey, I'm good. Doing well, how are you today?
text:Very well, thank you. What's on your mind?	labels:My girlfriend and I have been very distant from one another, we do have crazy work schedules and she also goes to school.
text:That's tough. How long have you been together?	labels:We have been together for 5 years, but lately we have been distant. A few text here and there but I feel like we don't enough effort and it feels weird between us.
text:Five years is a long time, and to make a relationship work in the long term, you used the magic word..."effort." Do you live together?	labels:We live apart, I think thats the issue. She lives with her family and is closer to her school. Also due to covid and schedule, we are not able to meet in person. We tried virtual, but it takes time and its not really intimate.
text:It sounds like you are basically living in a long distance relationship, given the circumstances. It's very hard to make a relationship work when you can't see each other in person. It takes a lot of effort.	labels:I think thats the main issue, I'm trying to make it work and I think she is as well; but its hard. I'm not sure what to do. How to cope?
text:Do you think she shares your frustration and concern, and if so, have you talked about it with her?	labels:We talked about it briefly, but havent spoke about in great detail. I'm just scared, that if we do, maybe we realize its not worth it and breakup.
text:How much of this distance between you do you think is related to COVID measures?	labels:It is a major issue since we live in NY and NJ, they are strict about lockdown and closing everything. I think its mostly work schedules, we become to tired to video chat. I feel video chatting takes more effort than just being together naturally.
text:Video chatting definitely isn't the same, or natural. It does take more effort, certainly. How much did you see each other before COVID?	labels:A few times a week. Do you recommend anything? Just have the talk and accept whatever happens. I just dont want to keep on wondering.
text:A lot of relationships right now are in "survival mode" due to the pandemic. The only way to make it through is with a lot of effort. This lockdown isn't going to last forever. You just have to make it through. I would definitely suggest you talk to her and make sure you're on the same page, even if that's scary. If she knows you want to find a way to make things work, then she'll work harder, too.	labels:Yeah I understand, maybe I should put in more effort because I have less of the crazy schedule. Maybe send her things or send her messages. I feel that she is just working too hard, and maybe is tired and cant make the effort. i should be there and support her virtually if thats what it takes..
text:I know you can just about anything delivered out there. I think a gesture of something tangible would be a good idea, whatever it might be. Maybe delivery of flowers and a pizza?	labels:I think thats a good idea, I can do that. Maybe be make her day and feel better. Thank you for helping, I probably thought too much of the situation and I'll put in the effort to make it work! Feel a lot better now.
text:Just look for ways to stay connected and you'll make it through!	labels:Thanks, have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:I'm in depression because i have fair of i will lost my job.\nWhy do you believe you will loose your job?	labels:because lots of people in my office they lost their job. because of this job crises situation of covid.
text:This Covid crisis has been effecting so many lives, I totally understand,	labels:how is your situation? yes all effect because of this Covid.
text:I have been holding on and trying to see the positivity daily. I practice gratitude to show I appreciate what I do have.	labels:yes I'm also trying to come out from this situation.
text:Have you thought about talking to your boss?	labels:no i'm trying to talk but i couldn't.
text:i'm sorry , why were you not able to talk?	labels:I'm just thinking but i couldn't i don't no why.
text:I sometimes get nervous when I have to speak up about something that is important to me, can you relate?	labels:I think because i have fear of  maybe i lost my job that's why.
text:You will feel like you will loose your job if you speak up?	labels:yes.
text:Honestly, I can see that being concerning for you.	labels:Thank you for thinking that much for me.
text:You're welcome. Covid has hit many of us hard and each situation is just as important as the next!	labels:yes , Thank you for your support.
text:Support is needed in this new times!	labels:Thanks, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?	labels:Hi, I'm feeling pretty lonely today and don't have friends I can reach out to.
text:I am sorry to hear that - how about reaching out to any family members?	labels:I have my husband, but with COVID he's the only person I've really had interactions with lately.  He's great, but it's just not the same as having a friend to turn to.  I feel every time I reach out to the friends I do have they are too busy with their families to talk.
text:I feel a lot of people are in your situation especially with Covid going on.  Do you connect with friends on social media at all (like facebook)?	labels:Yea, I do comment on their social media and follow up with their lives there.  I do not actively post about my own life because we have been extremely cautious with covid as I am high risk, so we don't even go grocery shopping.  I think I am just feeling fatigued of being stuck inside, which makes me feel sad about everything else.
text:I can totally understand where you are coming from.  I think it is great that you are at least getting a little communication with facebook.  I am guessing you will be in line for a vaccination also in the up coming month which I think will help your mood as well.	labels:Yes, I am awaiting my turn for the vaccine and I am very much looking forward to getting it so I can get back to some normalcy.  I miss being able to go shopping or sitting in a coffee shop.  These activities helped me in the past, so I look forward to being able to get out and do them again.  I used to visit my friends too and we'd have lunch or coffee at their house, but obviously I haven't been able to do that lately.  I will be able to once I get the vaccine.
text:I was able to get my first dose of this vaccine this past Sunday.  I was very surprised how good I felt this week like a weight being lifted off my shoulders.  I work with high school kids so it was nice not thinking about covid all the time.  I not it might not help for you today but I think it will give you something to look forward as you move forward in the upcoming weeks. *I know.	labels:That's so exciting for you!  I am hoping I will be able to get mine in the coming weeks.  I've definitely been looking forward to getting it.  I decided a week ago that I would get a puppy as a companion.  So I am looking forward to that, but he will not be coming home until the beginning of May.  But you're right I need to look forward to the things that will bring me happiness even though it's hard right now.
text:Absolutely.  The weather seems to be getting nicer as well.  Do you like any outdoor activites (ex. walking outside)?	labels:I love walking outside.  We had a 60 degree day not too long ago and I went outside immediately to walk.  My mood was better that day than it has been in months.  I am definitely looking forward to spring, which is quickly approaching now!  I have to say, I appreciate you pushing me in the direction of thinking positively and looking forward to the future, it's something I definitely lost my grasp on for a little while.
text:I think you got a lot of things to be excited about and look forward to - 1. warmer weather  2. longer-daylight hours  3. vaccine upcoming  - which then will open up the activities you enjoy like shopping and going out for coffee  4. Getting a puppy       In the mean time,  I think it helps to try to keep busy.   Is there goals you can set for yourself each day?  Like maybe working on a room for a puppy, to take a walk outside each day, an area of the house that should get cleaned, or start a new hobby (like finding a book you have been meaning to read)	labels:You're definitely right I have a lot to be excited about.  I like the idea of setting goals each day.  Now that the weather is slightly nicer I think going for a daily walk is a good idea.  Also, definitely preparing for puppy and getting an area set up and arranged for him is a great idea.  I find myself mindlessly scrolling the internet many days so reading a book is also a great idea.
text:Maybe even with each day that you make a point to contact a friend each day either by phone call, email, or facebook?  Just say Hi - how are you doing? - look forward to meeting up at some point for coffee.   This might get an engaging conversation going with some of your friends.	labels:That's a good point, maybe an e-mail as that is something they may check when they have some down time, where as when I text I feel a lot of times they look at it and are busy and then forget to respond.  But if they sit down and are checking their emails maybe they will have time for a quick response.
text:Yes that is good low-key way of connecting.  Rather than a call or text message.  I am guessing many of your friends are experiencing the same feelings that you (and many of us) are.	labels:I think they probably are, most of them have quite young children and it's been hard not being able to connect with their family or have play dates for their kids for much of the year.  I hope we can all gather again soon.  It seems like things are moving in the right direction finally.
text:Yes it has been a long year in that regard.  I know being a teacher we finally start back with kids full-time April 5th so it basically has been a full year of distance learning and teaching through a computer.	labels:Yea that had to be tough on the kids in school.  And the teachers.  I can't imagine being a kid in school going through all of this.  I just want to say thank you so much for all of your help today and really giving me a push in the right direction.  I'm not sure if it was just getting to chat with someone other than my husband or the advice you gave, but I am feeling more positive. Thanks and I hope you have a good day :)
text:I am glad to help and hope you have a great rest of your week!!!	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I am having a tough time processing a correct decision today.\nGood morning. What type of decision is troubling you?	labels:A few weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop our affair. It is the right choice for him because he feels he should work on his marriage. I admire that, yet It is very lonely for me right now.
text:I can understand the feeling lonely would make you feel your decision was wrong but from an outsiders view, it was not a healthy relationship if he was already committed to someone.. You deserve something better. Someone dedicated to you..	labels:It was a fantastic experience. we were together for 3 years. I am not mad at him, he's a good guy. He was separated when we met. But as all life, it's complicated.
text:I completely understand. I have been in your shoes before. I learned a lot and found out more about myself in the growing experience after the relationship ended. I'm sure there was some positives even with you at the end of the relationship now.. Each person is put in our life for a reason or season. This may just be the stepping stone to finding your soul mate. The perfect relationship won't feel so tricky in the long run and will make you feel on top of the world!.	labels:Yes, I had my eyes wide open during the process and he and I were very open with our communication. I can see lots of blessings but I am just so sad. Each day is a challenge to focus. I can't imagine a relationship right now.
text:Sounds like you really but your heart in to this and I'm sure it hurts. No need to rush relationship. Falling back in love with yourself is the key first. Finding your inner happiness will make the next relationship that much better and stronger!. Treat yourself to a few solo dates to find joy in the day to day life you are now building without him..	labels:I have heard the idea of dating ones self. I haven't been out to eat for over a year due to the pandemic situation.
text:It can be fun! No decisons on who wants to go where. It is all about you enjoying the moment and your own company!. No need to go out if you feel uncomfortable. Find a movie you have been wanting to watch and order some take out! Or do some online shopping while enjoying your favorite dessert or adult beverage!.	labels:During this time with the affair, I had the strength to leave a narcissistic spouse that abused me emotionally. I am proud of myself for that.
text:That is a lot to handle! I am proud of you for that as well! No one ever deserves to be abused. Some solo time to rebuild your independance may do you wonders and give you back your strength and self confidence! Seems like the past year has been emotionally draining..	labels:It has been. You are right about me focusing on solo time.
text:I think you know yourself better than anyone else and are about to leap in to a new chapter of your life. You received lessons from both the past relationships and can take that forward knowing what you wish for and deserve..	labels:Thank you for letting me talk about this. It is a touchy topic, affairs. My heart was so loved during that time but I always told him that if he needed me to step back, I would. It has been difficult on both of us. Being a parent, having the families meshed together, homes, work, etc.... I can understand why he feels he should try again.
text:Sometimes talking about why you are feeling is the best way to find closure. Keep the memories of the love and good times but know that in the end you were destined for something so much more. As adults we try so often to find happiness in others. He is a good person for wanting to try to resolve the situation for his family but that does not mean he did not love you or that your relationship was not a bright spot in his life as it was yours. I'm sure he is hurting too..	labels:thank you so much for saying that. It really means a lot to me and grounds me. you are correct, that I need to move forward for me. I deserve it. That's a concept I have been learning.
text:You deserve peace through this transition. It will take some time but I think you will come out even stronger and happier on the long run. Journaling may be a great outlet for your emotions as well..	labels:thank you for that idea. He was my muse in that relationship and I would write beautiful stories and poetry for him. Writing out my journey to the next stage of my life would be beneficail.
text:I think so! It may also let you heal while building your creativity even more! You seem like a very passionate and loving person..	labels:You made me heart smile... thank you.. !! I am glad that I got to speak with you today!	episode_done:True
text:Hello. How are you today?	labels:I've been better. I've been really sad ever since my girlfriend and I broke up and I don't know what to do.
text:The end of a relationship is a really difficult time.. How long were you together?	labels:Yeah every day has been pretty hard. We were together for about 3 years.
text:Three years is a long time. What led to the breakup?	labels:We found ourselves arguing more and more each day.
text:I've been in relationships like that. It really takes it out of you. What are your days like now?	labels:Every day has been feeling the same. I didn't like that we fought but now I feel empty. I don't know what to do.
text:I can totally understand why you're feeling that way. How long have you been seperated?	labels:It's been about a month now.
text:So this is still really fresh. It's going to take some time to start to feel normal after three years. What have you been doing for self-care? What have you been doing for self-care?	labels:I haven't really been doing much. My friends invite me out but I never feel like going.
text:After a three year relationship, you're going to have a period of mourning. This happens whether the breakup was right or wrong. It's still a huge part of your life now separated, and that's an important life event.	labels:Yeah that makes sense. It's just hard you know. What steps should I take to feel better?
text:I think it would be good for you to go out with your friends. Sometimes when you're really down, you might not feel like it. Going out takes effort, but it's worth it.	labels:Okay I'll try to make an effort to go out more.
text:Isolating at home is not going to help you process things. You might even consider going on some walks/runs, and getting in more exercise.	labels:That's a good idea I'll try to be more active. Thanks for all the help I appreciate it.
text:Of course. Anytime..	labels:It's nice to have someone to talk to thanks for hearing me out. Do you have any more advice?
text:It will get easier. It'll just take a little time. Remember, it is okay to be sad. Trying to hold back emotions will only make things harder, so let them out as they come up.	labels:I have been bottling up a lot of my emotions so maybe I'll try to talk to a friend about how I'm feeling.
text:Absolutely. Talking to a close friend is one of the best things you could do.	labels:Okay, thanks for all the help!	episode_done:True
text:HI, how are you today?	labels:hi. i have a lot going on. i am depressed because i am soo stressed.
text:Thats sucks, what's going on?	labels:I work full time, do frelance work on the side, i am a single mom of twin 6 year olds and an 8 year old, and i am in college for my masters degree. also my lease is up next month and i was notified they are raising it 300 dollars. i cant afford it. im scared and cant find anywhere cheaper to move.
text:Oh wow, that is a lot.  Add a pandemic to the mix.  I can see why you'd feel overwhlemed.	labels:sorry, guess i am venting. my boyfriend and i broke up 2 weeks ago. that isnt helping..
text:Its actually kind of nice to vent on these anonymous things. .	labels:ugh i just wish i could get a break. thanks, :).
text:Boyfriend too. Anybody around to talk to?  Family friends?	labels:family is about 8 hours away. i dont really have friends. i havent had time to make or keep any. i would love to i just dont even know how to fit in finding time to talk to anyone. im an army veteran... i have ptsd so i dont do well with crowds. its hard making new friends.
text:How about other moms in your kids friend groups?  I've found that cna be an easier way to get to knwo people bc you are all doing childcare anyway?	labels:thats not a bad idea, maybe i can find a moms group on facebook.
text:I'm interested in your free lance work.  What kind of stuff are you doing?  Is it a passion thing or a paying hte bills thing?	labels:paying the bills. ugh. i do mturk and then i am on upwork. i write articles and edit papers and books..
text:Got it.  Mturk is always there when you can't sleep!	labels:lol my day is so packed i wish i had more time to sleep! i'm usually up late writing papers for scool. i graduate in september. i keep telling myself to hang in till then.
text:What are you studying?  Any connections through your program?	labels:of course then i will need to start delivering food or sometihng as an additiona ljob to pay student loans lol. im doing an online college. i am getting my master's in organizational managment. i really appreciate you talking to me. its actually helping a bit.
text:Yeah, it took me forever to get through my loans but bit by bit got there.  Sounds like a good program that can lead to a better job (and maybe only one job someday!) Investing in the future is defintely a good thing.	labels:I want to be a good example for my kids :)
text:I've been to see counselors a few times when going through tough patches (ask me about divorce, job loss and moving to a new countrey in one year) and have found that it helps to be abel to vent to someone who doesn't know you - ha.	labels:lol very true.
text:Kids can be positive motivation for sure.  But right now you're in the toughest part of parenthood.  Threel ittle ones who need your support and you are doing it by yourself.  You are fighting the fight for sure.	labels:thanks for being here today, i hope the rest of your day goes well!
text:You too!	labels:thanks!	episode_done:True
text:hello! what is on your mind today?	labels:Hi there. I don't really know how to start with this, but I've been feeling low for the last year or so, and feel like my mood is getting worse with each day. I don't have any motivation to do anything and I'm not sure exactly where to turn..
text:it sounds like you are a little depressed.	labels:I think that might be true. Can you offer any advice or guidance on what I can do to improve it?
text:i think a lot of people are feeling that way. covid has really changed up everyone's lives, and it is hard to make drastic changes like we all have.. if y ou have health insurance you can always look into therapy or antidepressants. there are also free sites like 7 cups that does peer to peer supprt.	labels:Yeah my issues have definitely been compounded by the crisis, and not being able to speak to my friends or family, or even my work colleagues now I work from home. I don't have health insurance unfortunately, otherwise I'd have gone down that route..
text:sometimes talking to people even through chat can make us feel less lonely and change things up a bit.	labels:7 cups, I haven't heard of that one. What do they do? Definitely even this conversation is making me feel a little better.
text:peer to peer support. you can. try to google it!	labels:I will look into it after this conversation then. Is there anything you could recommend I try before I contact them? Just anything I can do to lift my spirits?.
text:if you google lemonaid health that is a doctor you can see virtually its prettty cheap less than a hundres a month for a doctor and meds!	labels:Do you think meds are a good option? I'm worried if I take that route I might end up zoned out or addicted to taking them.
text:when i am feeling down i like to go sit outside. vitamin d that we get from the sun is really importnat. i am inside a lot. i have had to start taking a supplement and it helps! i've been onn and off antidppressants for about twenty years. antidepressants work with natural chemicals in your brain they are not addictive because they are not narcotic.	labels:Okay sure, so I could just go to my local pharmacy and pick up Vitamin D? Or is that prescribed by a doctor? Okay that's good to know you have first hand experience.
text:you can look an amazon for herbal or natural options .st johns wort is a good one.	labels:Okay, what does that do? I havent heard of that supplement before.
text:vitamin d d is over the counter! any pharmacy, amazon, its easy to find and cheap. my friend swears by st johns wort. its some herb that is a natural anti depressant. you could do some research and see!	labels:Okay that's useful. And there are no side effects to taking vitamin D, are there? I'll look into st john's wort. It seems as though there is loads of research to be done here - which is a little stressful!
text:it can be stressful but a positive stress. remember you are researching how to help yourself and feel better!	labels:That's true, it's working towards an end goal of feeling like myself again. You are right.
text:you'll be okay. i know its hard to stay positive, but i think you are doing pretty good.	labels:Thanks for that, it makes a difference to hear some encouragement..
text:i think we all need to support eachother during these uncertain times. at least with the vaccine there is a light at the end of the tunnel for a lot of people! :).	labels:I don't want to overwhealm myself, but I think I'll go grab a coffee and take a look into Vitamin D and St Johns Wort now. I like the idea of using supplements and seeing how they work for me before moving onto heavier antidepressants. That's true, I'm just hoping the end of the tunnel isn't too far away. Can't face another summer locked inside with nothing to do!
text:Sounds good! Enjoy your coffee and the rest of your day! :).	labels:Thanks, I will do. And thanks again for your help..	episode_done:True
text:Hi how are you?	labels:am doing great.
text:You can share any thing with me with confidence ..	labels:how about you?
text:I'm good than you. Everything going good.	labels:How is the day going for you?
text:its going good , how is your day?	labels:Am just starting mine, quite early here. what id the time like over there?
text:its hard time for you but you can come out from this. its morning 11:36.	labels:Have you experienced heartbreak before? It is 5:37am here.
text:Yes i hade this before than i engaged in other activity than i come out from this. try to make engaged your self in other activity. its help you to come out from this situation.	labels:I have moved passed mine for long. But I shared the experience because it is one i would never forget. It almost put me into depression if not for family and genuine close friends.
text:that's really hard but you can do it.	labels:Yes ,I did it and am happy I moved on and came out stronger.
text:yes its very hard to come out from this but hopefully you will forget everything. That's very good.	labels:Thank you for your encouragement.
text:I have been came out from this situation from long time but its very hard. How are you now ? still are you in this situation are you come out.	labels:yes ,I can relate to any situation now after that experience because it made me stronger emotionally and psychologically. I am in a better one now and am happy and fulfilled.
text:That's very good. make yourself busy in work activity than you feel more better.	labels:when you are happy in a relationship it will show in your daily interaction with people..
text:Yes you are right , when you feel happy everything look happy.	labels:I believe we are good so far with the conversation.
text:Thanks.	labels:I appreciate your interest to help. You did a good job.
text:I hope you feel more better after conversation.	labels:Have a good one.
text:Thanks.	labels:sure,would.
text:your welcome.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello what's going on?	labels:Hello.
text:Hey :)	labels:I just found out that I will be losing my job. I have no clue what to do.
text:I was in a similar situation a short while back I can understand if you feel anxious and stressed. Was it due to the pandemic?	labels:Yes it is. We haven't gotten the funding form the government and we are a small business. I am not sure how to tell my wife.
text:So if I understand the anxiety of you losing your job is increased because you also have to give your wife the news?	labels:Yes and I also have to find some place else to work at..
text:If where you live has some form of unemployment insurance it may be a good time to apply for it if your comfortable with that since you are aware your job is coming to an end.	labels:Not a bad idea. I will look into that for sure. I am not sure how long it will take to get it. I'm not to bad off because I do have savings but I am just worried that I will not be able to find any work around where I live and I don't want to move.
text:It's completly understandable that telling your wife is additionally difficult since it's life effecting news and you are probably worried about the effect the news will have on your wife.	labels:Yes for sure. She has her job so it just would feel weird for me to be at home while she works.
text:In my case I am still currently in school and lack credentials but I've managed to find some online work that is getting me by.	labels:I never have thought about online work. That might be a good idea.
text:You may want to budget relevant areas of yur spending ahead of time so your savings will go longer but Isuggest not to the point that it effects your mental well being. Also if your on good terms maybe get references.	labels:That is a great idea. I am sure I can get references. My boss loves me.  He said he is looking to help me any way he can.
text:I don't drive so my options were limited to avoid riding the bus I do recommend getting out of you living space other ways if you work online but its all right. I think with that kind of connection with your boss especially with your job loss being circumstantial you should have a really good starting point.	labels:I am going to look online for sure. I would like to work form home. I am sure with my IT degree I can find some online jobs.
text:It does have benefits you save money on transportation costs for example :) That is actually along the lines of what I'm doing on the low end of the totem pole Not the high paying jobs but the basic and intermediate seems to be a fair bit available. I don't male much but Ihave flexible hours and still finishing my degree. How are you currently feeling about your situation with a little bit of a plan in place?	labels:that's awesome. I'm feeling a little better. Just so much to do now but at least I have an idea of what to do. I feel like with this plan my wife will not be so worried..
text:Maybe if you get your basic ideas together where your satisfied with it it will ease some of the difficulty of talking to your wife. I apologise we had the same idea.	labels:Yes. i plan on doing that this afternoon. Thank you so much. I am feeling way more at ease.. I hope you have a wonderful day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I'm looking for some help.\nGood Morning! would you like to tell me whats going on?	labels:I have a big test coming up for a college class and I am very anxious about it.
text:you seem really concerned about a big test coming up and its making you feel anxious.  is that correct?	labels:Yeah exactly. I feel like my future depends on getting a good grade on this test.
text:just from chatting with you, I can feel how anxious you are.	labels:I've been studying every day for weeks but I still can't help but feel really anxious. I don't know what to do. It's messing with my sleep schedule.
text:your doing your best and continuing to try hard! it's great that you are working so hard to pass this test.	labels:I'm trying my best I'm just worried it won't be enough.
text:deep breaths can help people calm down. Can you try and take a few deep breaths?	labels:Yes, I can try to do that more often.
text:how confidant do you feel with the material?.	labels:I'm fairly certain I have most of it memorized but what happens if I freeze up and forget during the test?
text:I feel the same way when I am taking a big exam! Try to remember to breath and not be so anxious that will only cause you to forget everything you studied.  You seem very intelligent and I know you can do this!	labels:Thank you! Do you think taking a practice exam would help?
text:yes I think a practice exam would be a great way to put you at ease and help you work on anything you might need to freshen up on.	labels:Ok, I will try that out. I appreciate talking to you I feel better already.
text:it was very nice speaking with you today.  Good luck! remember deep breaths and I know you'll be just fine.	labels:I'll remember that! Thank you again!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there! How can I help you today.	labels:i cant keep up in class.
text:I'm so sorry to hear that. How does that make you feel?	labels:like crap, it makes me not wanna do anything.
text:I understand completely, it can be hard to keep up in class especially if you're feeling down. To be clear, you're feeling bad about not being able to keep up in class and that's making you feel even worse about it?	labels:yeah, like I want to start doing better but then i realize theres just no point im already behind.
text:Don't worry, that's totally normal, especially since a lot of things are online these days. I personally struggled with keeping up with courses, but I found a way to make it work by pushing to the limits.	labels:okay, i guess its good to know im not the only one. how did you get thru it?
text:I suggest starting with what you missed first instead of worrying what you're getting now. Maybe let your teacher/professor know how you're doing in class and you may be able to ask for extensions on deadlines.	labels:Thats helpful, thanks. i am a little scared to ask my teacher though. shes really mean and what if she fails me?
text:Don't be afraid! Remember a teacher's job is to teach and help you, she may look a little mean but it doesn't hurt to try and ask, she can't fail you for being confused :)	labels:yeah i guess your right.
text:Does that make you feel a little better about it?	labels:yea, a lot better actually, thanks.
text:You're welcome! Anything else I can help out with?	labels:what should i do about the work i missed?
text:hmm, i suggest you should ask your teacher if its still alright to submit it. If you decide to do them, make sure its ok with her first.	labels:okay, thanks, i will do that.
text:No problem! Glad I was able to help! Is there anything else?	labels:no thats all, thanks again for helping me.	episode_done:True
text:I am very depressed.\nHello there, how are you doing?	labels:I feel lonely.
text:I'm sorry to hear you're feeling depressed and lonely. Is there any reason in particular you're feeling this way?	labels:I felt go to death.
text:You feel as though you want to die? What is causing you to feel this way? Did something happen at home, work, or in your personal life?	labels:Yes. I want to die. because I love him. But he leave me alone. I think I did not able to  return my normal life.
text:Losing a loved is very hard..	labels:Yes. I feel very sad. Give me some counselling.
text:Do you have anyone you can talk to about your feelings and concerns?	labels:I did not have close friends.
text:My understanding is that you have lost a loved one and that is causing you to feel depressed, correct?	labels:Yes.
text:Do you have any family members you can speak to?	labels:My parents. But they are avoiding me because this lover is hurting my parents also. So they are advising me many times. But I did not hear their advice.
text:It sounds like you are going through a very rough time.	labels:So they are angry with me. Yes. I am very depressed. Do you give me any counselling?
text:I think it may be helpful to reach out to your parents to open a line of communication and discuss your differences.	labels:I will try many times. But they are avoiding me.
text:That must be very difficult not having your parents to support you and your loved one.. Do you ahve any siblings?	labels:Yes. They are did not understanding my current situation.
text:have you tried communicating your side of the story?	labels:Yes. I have one brother. But he was very little boy. So he did not understand my feelings.
text:It sounds as though your family does not agree with or understand your situation.	labels:Yes. I try to tell my parents many times. My parents are angry with me.
text:Do you have anyone else in your life you are close to, I know you said you don't have any close friends.	labels:Yes . Only one friend. But she was long distance to me. So very difficult to contact.
text:Would you feel comfortable talking to her about how you are feeling now?	labels:Yes.
text:Maybe you could text, call. or email her. It sounds like she would know better whats going on in your personal life.	labels:I will tell my problem already in Email. But she doesn't replay to me.
text:That must feel terrible, I'm sorry you're having a hard time. I would feel the same way in your situation.	labels:I try to call her but did not reached.
text:Do you have any hobbies or interests?	labels:Yes. I am very interested to reading comic books. I love comic books and story books.
text:I love comic books too! Do you have any favorites?	labels:Yes.
text:When you're reading comics or engaging in other hobbies does it make you feel any better?	labels:Saga this is my favorite comic book. I will try. Very thanks for your idea.
text:My suggestion would be when you start feeling down, take some deep breaths, go for a walk, and engage in one of your hobbies.	labels:Ok. Very thanks. I am very relax this times.
text:You're welcome. I'm glad youre feeling a little bit better.	labels:I feel like the burden on my mined has gone down. Yes. I feel little bit better.
text:I'm glad to hear it!	labels:Thank you my friend. Can you tell me your name please?
text:Is there anything else i can do for you? My name is Ryan. what is your name?	labels:Riya.
text:Its been a pleasure speaking to you riya.	labels:Thank you Ryan brother.
text:is there anything else I can help you with today? You're welcome Riya. I hope you take my advice moving forward and things improve for you.	labels:Ok thank you so much for your tips. Bye.
text:you are welcome, take care.	labels:Take care. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:hai! how are doing? Could help me to come out from the depression? really?\nHello!  I'm doing well.  How are you? I'll try to help in any way that I can.  What seems to be troubling you?	labels:I break up with my boy friend , he use my credit card took all my mmoney.
text:Oh, dear.  I'm so sorry to hear that. .	labels:Spreading picture of mine in social media.
text:Did you get your credit cards canceled once you found out what he had done?	labels:Yeah I did that but we had relationship of three years , we shared everything with each other. but he cheats me.
text:It sounds like the two of you had problems for awhile before the breakup. .	labels:He is threatening me he would post the nude picture of mine in social media.
text:If he makes that threat again, you might wish to inform him that "revenge porn" is a crime these days.  If he knows that you might to go to the authorities, that might get him to leave you alone. .	labels:thank you very for your care and concern , sure  I will reply him as you said.
text:You seem like a very nice person.  And his behavior is very toxic, to say the least.  I know that things are hard right now, but things will get better.  And you deserve to be with someone who will treat you with kindness and respect.	labels:I lost my all saving and now I am jobless both make me mentally disturbed , I feel life meaningless and don't want to live in this world.
text:Try not to lose hope.  It's hard out there, particularly with what the pandemic has done to the economy.   But from what I've read today, more stimulus from the government is on the way, so that should help some. Do you have anyone that you can talk to about what you're going through?	labels:He had an affair but he spreading is fake news about me that I cheated him. I ashamed about myself and I can't able to mingle with my friends and family.
text:Don't let him make you feel ashamed.  You've done nothing to warrant such a feeling.  Maybe you should find someone outside of your social group to speak to.	labels:I can't able to face the all consequence all together, I need peace , where I could find?
text:There are places you can go to speak to people.  Charitable organizations, clergy if you are religious, and call centers.  Perhaps you could find one of those organizations locally to help you through this.  Also, since they would be local, they might have more information about legal remedies you could pursue.  Some of your ex's behavior sounds criminal...	labels:People like you and your words touched my soul , thank you very much for your support and advice.
text:I glad I could be of some help.  Just remember, you are a good and worthwhile person.  You will come through this.  I believe in you.  .	labels:Yes I feel I am positively boosted up , thanks a lot for the kindness.	episode_done:True
text:hello.\nHello , how is it going ?.	labels:i am doing well, how are you? i mean i am okay other than my job situation but relatively i am alright.
text:Good , was there anything you needed advice on ? I’m random , but a pretty good listener (:. Where do you work ?.	labels:sure thank you, do you think it is wise that i follow my plan of taking some time to refresh my skills to compete in a more modern job market? i worked retail but would like to change careers too.
text:I think it is important to understand what your getting into. What where you thinking of trying to do ? Go back to school ?.	labels:no i am thinking of taking some brief online courses and learning some coding. perhaps school in the future. but i think i will take some time to refresh my experience of adobe and other similar software.
text:There are a bunch of helpful sites like LinkedIn learning , they have awesome videos on like any software you could think of (:. Also can’t go wrong with a good ol paperback.	labels:thank you that is very interesting i did not know that one but i will bookmark it. and that is true too, i have quite a few to work through as it is.
text:Coding is pretty interesting, I’m about to graduate with a bachelors in computer science of animation , we worked a bit of scripting last month and it was interesting ! Also really beneficial in getting a job.	labels:how necessary do you think college is to overall success? also wish you good luck in your graduation.
text:Thank you ! I don’t believe it is necessary. There are materials out there and you can for sure learn on your own . For me, I like having someone to ask questions . And also having my lessons already planned out . I do well with deadlines and structure. If I had to do it on my own I would struggle more . But to each their own ! I do think it’s been beneficial for me.	labels:that is very interesting, and reassuring to hear that it may not be completely necessary. thank you for sharing this insight. i hope you are doing well also and i think we will be finished unless you have something you need to discuss.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello. How are you doing today?	labels:Same old. still trying to lose weight.  Already on day 20 for fasting. did not lose a single pound.
text:Wow it sounds like you have really been trying hard to lose weight.. What kind of methods have you been using?	labels:I tried keto diet for 6 months, didn't work. So now on Fasting..
text:It sounds like you are really discouraged.	labels:I also go to gym 2 times a week.
text:Wow! You have been trying practically everything. You are really motivated.	labels:Yea, very discouraged...
text:Losing weight can be difficult. I've struggled with that many times. Have you thought of consulting a dietician or a nutritionist to help? Maybe, they would offer some new suggestions.	labels:I am already lucky that I can sometime able to book swimming pool close by. I considered but they said I am not overweight.
text:It seems like they didn't listen to your needs.. And it seems like you are doing a great job exercising at the pool and employing other methods to lose weight. What is your primary motivation behind your weight loss goal?	labels:The added weight is putting pressure on my hips and knees. Causing a lot of pain as well for my lower back.
text:That's no good. I'll bet that is difficult to deal with. Have you thought about teaming up with a friend and going on daily walks?	labels:No, I have to look after the kids.
text:Well, you could also take the kids on a walk every day. That would be a healthy activity to enjoy together, and it should help burn some of their energy too.	labels:I signed them up for swimming classes so they can exercise too. Thanks for your suggestion though.
text:That's great! Now you can all go swimming together.. Maybe that can be an activity that you all do together a couple times a week.	labels:I can't join their classes. Yes, I am doing that. .
text:No, but I'm sure that there is a fitness club or city pool where you all can share your skills.	labels:And even after exercise, I only eat 20% of their portion and no junk food.. Nice speaking to you though, you have been very kind..
text:Thank you. I enjoyed our conversation as well. Keep swimming. I'm sure you will get to where you want to be in no time.	labels:Thanks for your encouragement!	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?	labels:I am really depressed because of my recent break up.
text:Oh no, that is really sad. I know break ups can be very hard.	labels:yeah.
text:Why do you feel you are depressed about it? Were you together a long time?	labels:i was with her for more then 2 years and without her everthing seems incomplete.
text:I completely understand. I have had break ups too. They are never easy..	labels:what should i do now?
text:Well, if the break up is still fresh, it will take some time before you start feeling yourself again. Breaking up with someone can be as devastating as a death. Because you mourn the loss of the person. What do you think you could do to help yourself feel better?	labels:that is very true. what i need right now is to distract my mind and think about something else.
text:What kind of hobbies do you have? Or are you involved in sports or any type of other activities that you enjoy?	labels:i mostly play soccer.
text:That could be a great distraction. You could start practicing soccer again. You definitely have more time for it now. Do you have anyone you can talk to about the break up? Sometimes talking with a close friend or family member can help a lot too.	labels:I have my best friend and he is also helping me recover but my main issue is inner will power.
text:Why do you say that? Are you focused on trying to get back with them?	labels:My mind is just not accepting the change.
text:That is difficult. What caused the break up? Was it mutual? Or was it one sided?	labels:it was one sided and that is why it's so problematic. anyways.
text:Ok, so your ex broke up with you. Did they give you a reason why? Or did they just say it's over and that was it?	labels:yeah. I'll try my best to do what i can.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:How are you.	labels:I've been better. I'm overly anxious and feeling depressed about work.
text:What is happening at work that makes you feel likes that?.	labels:I just feel like im not getting the support I need. I'm relatively new at my job, so I go to the more senior staff for advice, but I seldom ever get help.
text:I see, is there anyone you could talk to at work that could possibly help you?	labels:I have a couple of coworkers that have been helpful, but we don't always work together. And their help isn't always the best, or the type of support I am looking for.
text:I can see how that would be difficult. Maybe if there is something specific  you need help with, you could ask a coworker or senior staff.	labels:Yeah, it has been very difficult. Do you have any reccomendations? Or what would you do in the situation? I generally do do that. Sometimes I get the help I need, others not so much. So i feel like im second guessing myself a lot, which puts me under a lot of stress.
text:Since you are relatively new it is understandable that it may be difficult.  I would see if there is someone I could confide in.  They may be understanding.	labels:I think thats a good idea. I am concerned it may not work out. What would i do then?
text:Is there something specific you are feeling you need more help with?  Maybe the people you are asking do not understand exactly what  you need help with.	labels:Decision making and the little details are where I am struggling. I've had adequate training, but i still feel as though I lack the expertise needed to do my job well. Someimtes I get the support I need, and other times i don't. I'm wondering what i should do in times where I am not getting the support I need if its not available.
text:That is understandable.  I have been in situations where I had to make difficult decisions at my job too.  Overtime you will be gaining experience and it will most likely get easier or you'll get better.	labels:Yeah, you're right. I think it will just take time for me to get comfortable and gain confidence in my abilities.
text:If there are situations you've found difficult, maybe you could practice making decisions in those circumstances, or ask coworkers what they have done in those times as well.	labels:That is a great suggestion.
text:You seem to care about this job and your performance.  I believe you will gain experience and confidence will come with it. .	labels:Yeah, youre right. It can just be tough at times. But i understand it will take time. Thank you for the advice. It really helped.
text:Your welcome.  I hope you are able to feel somewhat better about the situation at work, and feel at ease.	labels:I do, thank you again for your help.
text:Your welcome.  Are you feeling better?	labels:I am, thank you very much.
text:You sound better.  Thank you too!	labels:thanks again!	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you feeling tonight? Is there anything I can help you with?	labels:hi. feeling upset.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Can I talk you through what you're experiencing?	labels:i am sad because of my love.
text:That's frustrating to hear. What is your love?	labels:its gone, she left me.
text:That's awful. I'm so sorry to hear that. How did it happen?	labels:she is married to a rich man.
text:Is there any way you feel you can move on from her?	labels:she broke me down like a helpless bird. i can over come from her memories.
text:Were you in a relationship with her?	labels:yes i've been in a relationship with her for three years.
text:If she has moved on from you, as painful as it is, you should move on from her. But that will take time, and it will help to slowly and methodically find a way forward from her. You should not feel like it will happen overnight or that quickly, but distractions and creating a new path for yourself are imperative.	labels:I cound not stop remember her memories, its repeating and disturbing for all way.
text:For now, that is a normal feeling and reaction, but with therapy and some help, that will lessen in frequency and severity. Have you tried meditation?	labels:yes but it is not so effective towards me.
text:How about a therapist, if only temporarily?	labels:yes because of the pandemic no one will provide a proper theraphy.
text:There are many support groups online you can try. I would contact your PCP who can try to get you in touch with someone who could help.	labels:do you know anyone.
text:not online, only locally, and I don't know where you live, sorry.	labels:its okey, i will find by myself.
text:I have to get going, but I encourage you to find a support group or contact a physician asking for a recommendation. Perhaps ask friends you're comfortable with. Keep in mind that this is only temporary and designed to help you not just move on, but grow stronger from this.	labels:im physically fit but mentally hurt by her. and thats my problem.
text:Yes, but mental pain can lead you down a dark path. It is best to catch it while you can, before it is significant.	labels:i will try to recover from it.
text:Thank you, be well, stay positive and know that there are bright days ahead.	labels:try to find the right way to get my way.
text:That's always the challenge. But one worth fighting for :)	labels:yes it is challenging.
text:I must get going, have a wonderful night and be strong. I believe in you.	labels:ok bye. thankyou for your concern.
text:my pleasure.	labels:thankyou so much again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you  today?	labels:I’m doing ok. Have been feeling a bit anxious about my job lately..
text:Is this because of the pandemic? I know a lot of people are worrying about their jobs because of this.	labels:I think it’s partially due to the pandemic. I am struggling progressing at my company and have been up for a raise for a year now that still hasn’t gone through. It’s making me feel like they don’t value me..
text:I am sorry to hear that. So, I hear you saying that you feel you are not being valued for your work?	labels:Yeah exactly. I want to feel like I am an important member of the team and right now I’m not feeling that and it makes me feel like I don’t have a future with this career anymore. But now is not the time for a career change..
text:No I guess that it isn't. Have you tried talking to your employer about this? Or even your co workers?.	labels:I think that’s the part that gets me anxious. I don’t really know how to communicate this to my superiors. There isn’t a lot of open communication now that we all work from home..
text:Is there someone intermediate that you can talk to ? Or perhaps could you contact a union? There is help out there.	labels:Maybe going to HR would be the smart move? They might have some resources on how to navigate relationships now that we aren’t in the office, right?
text:Yes, I think that they would. Ultimately they are trained to help people who are in your situation..	labels:I have started applying to other jobs, but I don’t have a lot of hope with that right now. Maybe it is better to looks at more options at my current job. Getting up the courage to speak out can be hard though!
text:Would you at least get a good reference from your previous employer?	labels:I think so! I have a cordial relationship with everyone, but I know my work speaks for itself. I think I need more confidence to ask for what I know I deserve..
text:Perhaps you could consider some sort of counselling to help you with you self esteem? I did it and it was great..	labels:That’s a really good idea. I think much of the anxiety I have with work stems from self esteem issues..
text:There are people out there who can help. Would you consider anti anxiety medication?	labels:I think I’m much more open to trying counseling before I would venture to trying medication options. Practicing talking to people at work might really help me..
text:Yes I think that it would. Just start slowly - do not dive straight in at the deep end. But you seem to have a good and sensible perspective about this..	labels:I am trying to remain level-headed about this. I know this is within my control and I just need to muster up the courage to do something about this situation that has me feeling anxious and stressed!
text:I wish you all of the best with it! Thank you for talking to me..	labels:Thanks. Appreciate the perspective..	episode_done:True
text:Hi! Hope you are doing well?	labels:Hi, yes am doing well.
text:Glad to know that you are doing well. How may I assist you today ?	labels:I had a drinking challenge which has been affecting my marriage for quit sometime now.
text:So as far as I understand that you had issues with your wife due to your drinking. Am I right?	labels:Yes that is true.
text:That is really a serious problem. I know it must be very tough time for you. Hope you are trying your best to save your marriage.	labels:Yes I have really reduced my drinking to ensure I save my marriage.
text:That's is a great initiative. I know it is tough for you but not impossible. I can feel how hard you are trying t save your relationship. I appreciate you for that.	labels:Thank you for the encouragement. Will do everything I can to save the situation.
text:Family comes first. I would do anything to save my marriage as you are doing. I am proud of you. I am pretty sure you both love each other more than anything.	labels:Yes my wife is everything to me and can not imagine loosing her due to some avoidable reasons.
text:That should be the spirit. Now nothing can make you apart. Drinking is very easy for you to quit now. you will definitely get a success.	labels:Thank you.
text:No problem! That's why I am here to help you. Have a wonderful life ahead!	labels:Any other general advice you may have for me.
text:Just stick to the plan. Spend more time together. Cook dinner for her. Make a strong bond and my best wishes are there for you .	labels:Wow that is some wonderful advice right there. thank you for that..Any other tips to spice things up.
text:You both can go for a date or do the things what your partner like. Drinking is luring so stay away from that and you can do it.	labels:Thank you I will definitely avoid drinking and any thing else that may contribute to such kind of issues.
text:It seems you got the solution. have a wonderful time.	labels:Thank you for the assistance. Really appreciates.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! How is life treating you today?	labels:Life is bad to day.  My bbboyfireind just left me, I am alone in the house.  I have no one to share things with.
text:I am really sorry about that - you are feeling that you've been deserted?	labels:Yes, that is exactly how I feel.  I was deserted, I feel unlovable, like no one will ever want me again.
text:Please don't think that! I have been in this situation and I know how awful it is but I also know that it will pass..	labels:It doesn’t;t feel like it will pass.  It feels like it will only get worse. I don’t want to go to bed alone.  I won’t be able to sleep tonight.
text:Would you be able to go and visit friends or family members? Get some support?	labels:My family is out of town.  My friends were also his friends and he told lies about me so they wont talk to me.  I want to just get drunk and go to sleep.
text:Oh that is not a good idea. Do you think you have an alcohol problem? There are support groups out there who could help you..	labels:I never drink alone but I feel so bad now and afraid of being alone.
text:I hear you. Do you have any pets or anything at all to keep you company?	labels:Do you think I should call him and ask him to come back? He took our dog.
text:I think you should get the dog back but I don't think you should call your ex - you are better off without him..	labels:But I still love him.  He did sleep with my best friend, but he said it didn’t mean anything. I really miss him,
text:I think you should value yourself more highly than this. If he slept with your best friend then he is nothing.. You can do a great deal better, I am sure!	labels:Thanks.  You are right, I am too good for him.  I had a job and he doesn’t.
text:Well quite! You can easily move forward with your life. He will not find it so easy. But do get the dog back..	labels:Yeah, I need the dog.  He gave it to me as a puppy for my birthday.  I can’t believe he took it..
text:Do you know that there are legal organisations out there that will help you get it back?	labels:But I am still having a hard time getting to sleep, I am so upset.  I have been crying for hours.
text:I suggest you have a nice warm bath and a cup of cocoa and try to relax.	labels:Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.  A bubble bath and some warm coco.  That always make me feel better.
text:Tomorrow you can try to think of how to go on with things :). Contact some legal aid people to help you get your dog back for one.	labels:My cousin works for legal aid, maybe she can help me give me advice.  Thanks.
text:That sounds perfect! I am sure you will feel better once you have your dog.. I hope I have been able to be of some assistance and thank you for talking.	labels:Yeah, thanks for talking to me.
text:You're most welcome :).	labels:Have a good night.  I am going to get into my hot bath.	episode_done:True
text:I appreciate your willingness to listen and offer support.  Life just is so hard right now.\nHi, How are you feeling right now?	labels:pretty crappy.  Just lying in bed.  never got out of my pjs today. .
text:Today must have been a hard day for you. It seems that there are some things that are really bothering you..	labels:The problem is I just don't really know how to feel better.  I have much to be thankful for but don't seem to be able to really enjoy anything.
text:I am sorry to hear that. Sometimes even for a person like myself I try to find things that I love to do to keep motivated. Do you have hobbies or things that you like to do for fun?	labels:That's what my husband keeps saying, too, but I just can't dredge up any enthusiasm for anything except I try to get out and walk because the fresh air is nice.  I also knit, which is what I've been doing while lying in bed.  But I can't think of the last time I really truly enjoyed myself.
text:Yes, those are things that does make you day feel good fresh air, and knitting keeps you calm. Also, Have you tried buying a treat for yourself or going out for trip in the previous months to get some relaxation?	labels:Yes, the idea of a trip is enticing to me and I really hope to go visit my aunt in Michigan, perhaps in April.  She is my mom's only sister and the only relative I have left from that generation and I love spending time with her.  That was a good suggestion and I'll try to look forward to that.
text:Yes, trips are amazing and especially when you visit someone you love spending time with makes even more worthwhile. Time that you get to spend with enjoying yourself and relaxing is something that needs to happen often so we can get back in the fight to be confident or strong to face our daily challenges..	labels:You have good insight and you are right, I need to focus more on enjoying the time I have with the people that I love.  I'm also hoping some new meds will eventually help  Thank you for listening. God's blessings to you and your family.
text:Thank you and you are so welcome. I am glad I could help you. I hope that you have a wonderful time on your trip when you get to go. Also, I hope that many blessings come to you and your family as well.	labels:Do you have a background in counseling?
text:Actually I do not have any background counseling, but I have been through a lot on my own. I have learn to enjoy life no matter what with those that I love and enjoy myself wholeheartedly. .	labels:that's a huge gift.  I wish I felt happier more often.  I think i. I think I would feel better if I had someone to talk to more often but I hate burdening my children or husband with my sadness.
text:Thank you. I believe you will find happiness in yourself. All you can do is take one day at time and learn all different ways to find what makes you happy..	labels:Yes, one day at a time is my motto!  and I know God is with us.  Thanks again!
text:We all go through the sadness, and you are not alone. It just what we do next with after the sadness is gone makes it count..	labels:very true!.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there!  how are you doing?	labels:I'm doing OK.  Just stressed about work.
text:What's been going on lately?  Is something in particular there stressing you out?	labels:Ever since Corona hit, my work has come to a complete stop.  I'm just so worried about where my next paycheck will come from.
text:Oh wow, that wounds really rough.  So you haven't been able to work in the same way since Corona?  Do you have any ideas of things you could do to make ends meet?	labels:No, my work was through a hospital and they stopped my contract.  I've been looking but not many places are hiring.
text:Oh, I see.  That does sound really rough.  I would be feeling the exact same way you are in that situation and I'm sorry you're going through that.  I know this sounds cliche, but I do believe that things will work out.  I once heard, "It'll always work out in the end.  If it hasn't worked out, it's not the end."	labels:Thank you.  I appreciate your support and words.  That's very true.  Things haven't worked out yet so I just need to hang on.
text:I know there were some grants and loans and things specifically set aside for small businesses for the pandemic.  You might want to look into local resources and see if some are available to help you just to make ends meet for the time being?	labels:Oh really?!  I didn't know that.  I'll have check that out.  It's so hard to know where to turn to or where to find that kind of information.  Is there a website or something?  Just knowing there might be something out there to help gives me so much hope.
text:There's so much information and disinformation out there, it can be really hard to discern help.  There's one website: sba.gov that has several different options for pandemic relief for small businesses.  I don't know what are you're in but there are some local resources available from my local government websites too, you might want to check that out too!	labels:That is wonderful!  Thank you so much for passing along that information.  I've written the website down and I'll do some searching tonight! Just talking to you has brought my anxiety level down so much!
text:Excellent, I hope you're able to find some relief through this difficult time!  I have a friend who looked into it and was able to find a small grant to help him out!	labels:That's hopeful to hear!  Thank you!  Do you know if there's another stimulus check coming?  Those have helped me so much.  It's also amazing what a kind person, who really listens and wants to help, can do for your well being as well!
text:I have heard that another one is coming, and this one should be better than the last one.  It's all dependent on income, so anyone that makes less than 80k a year should be getting the full amount according to what I've heard.  I agree, they did help!  Would that ease your burden a little bit if the next one comes soon?	labels:Great!  I will definitely qualify if that's the case.  I would be able to pay rent if we get this check soon.  It's been so hard making ends meet.  Sometimes I get so overwhelmed I feel like I can't breathe.  Any tips for that?
text:Hang in there, I'm sure help is on the way and your positive attitude will help carry you until then, you seem like a really strong person.  For me, I try taking really deep breaths and even meditating if it gets really bad.  Have you ever tried anything like that?	labels:That's so kind of you to say.  I try to stay positive and be strong but I often feel like I'm failing.  It helps to hear words of support that I'm going to make it through this tough time.  I've never meditate before.  Do you listen to music or just silence.  I would love to give that a shot.  I try to take deep breaths.  Oftentimes it helps but only for a moment.  Maybe mediation could help me overall for longer periods of time.
text:You're not failing as long as you're still trying and not giving up.  All we can do sometimes is pick ourselves back up and keep plugging along.  There are a few apps available that have calming music, stories to listen to,  or even breath exercises to try.  They are all over the app stores.  It definitely helps me!  Meditation has been proven to help a lot of people in stressful situations.	labels:That's so true!  I'm going to write that down and post it on my fridge!  Those are the words I'm going to live by for the next while.  I'll look up some apps!  Thank you for being such a great listener and supporter.  I feel so much lighter and hopeful.  I can't believe how much this has helped me.  I look forward to chatting again soon.  Thank you so much!  You have no idea how grateful I am to you right now.  I won't give up!
text:Of course, so happy to be of help!  Hopefully we can talk again soon and catch up on how you've been doing.  It helps me a lot to know I'm helping others too, any kind of service always feels nice.	labels:Thanks again!  Have a great night!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.  How are you doing?	labels:I'm good. How about you?
text:Very little to complain about today. What brings you here?	labels:Just want to talk some random stuff basically just want a companion.
text:How's the weather where you are?	labels:Still pretty cold and dry in here, how about there?
text:Exactly the same.  What are you doing to stay warm?	labels:Just in my long pajamas with heater. I don't really know what to do anymore, I am just lazy on everything.
text:Well you're resourceful at staying warm, at least. You mentioned wanting a companion, are you living alone?	labels:not really I'm living with my family but I don't really talk to them anymore I'm just in my room all day.
text:Is it the stress of the pandemic getting to you & your family, or something else?	labels:It's something else.
text:Can you share?	labels:Just a fight from years ago and I decided to not talk to them anymore.
text:That's completely your decision, but it can bring us down at times.  What are you doing to stay positive during these crazy times in the world? I know you mentioned feeling lazy.  Sometimes I make a list of things in the morning that I want  to accomplish.  Even if I get one done, it's a win.  :-)	labels:I talk to my friends online, play games, watch movies, etc. I know, I should find a productive hobby.
text:A hobby could be another outlet for you in addition to talking to your friends online.  You don't have to put too much pressure on yourself for it to be productive.  What hobby ideas do you have?	labels:Like painting or learn new skills online like coding, anything that can improve my human capital.
text:What a great idea about learning new skills.  It would be a great investment of your time, as well as improve your human capital.  Win-win.  Can you make a plan to research some places where you can sign-up for a coding class?  Maybe research the next few days, and commit to starting in the nest 2-3 weeks?  You would also meet others like yourself online also trying to learn a new skill.	labels:I have a book, I mostly research in online if I can't understand it fully or watch youtube tutorials.
text:Then you already have a plan.  I like it.  It's good to have something to focus on.  When is your goal to finish the book?	labels:A month maybe, idk depends on how much I can handle it.
text:I know you can handle it.  You speak very well and I just think you need a touch of motivation.  We all do! Come back and talk after you finish your next chapter?	labels:I hope I don't get lazy this time and fully commit on this, thank you for the encouragement. Sure, nice talking to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?.	labels:am fine thank you.
text:Is there anything that you would like to talk about?	labels:no ,now am okay.
text:Well I am happy to listen to any problems that you have.	labels:problem with cowoorkers but i solved.
text:Well, can you tell me about it anyway? I am happy to listen.. Do feel free to talk :).	labels:we had agree with them work to do and date to submit it to me, but unfortunately their fail to do so.
text:Are you still working at that place?	labels:YES I AM.
text:There is no need to shout. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about? Bearing in mind that you are not going to be paid for this HIT unless you actually make an effort..	labels:NO AM DONE THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONCERN.
text:I think you have not put any real effort into completing this HIT..	labels:WHY,AM SORRRY FOR THAT.
text:please press quit now.. Press the quit button or you will not get paid. I s till will..	labels:HELLOW AM READY TO GO ON WITH OUR CONSERVATION. SOORRY FO THE FAIL.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHello! how are you feeling today?	labels:I am pretty anxious lately.  I have a lot of stuff going on.
text:It looks like you have a lot to do. Correct me if I am wrong.	labels:You would be correct.  I have Spring Break coming up and then right after that I have to start getting ready for my finals.  I am in my last year of college and I am feeling the pressure of having to become a real adult.
text:I can understand you very. well. It happen with all of us in such situation. Last year of the college  really give lot of pressure.	labels:College in general has been a struggle.  I have to work a full time job at the same time I am going to school full time because my family couldn't afford to help me.
text:I am pretty sure you will do great in you exam and I can see that in your worries. You are not alone in this situation as colleges are so expensive so it's hard for parents to pay for it.	labels:Yea, I hope your right.  I just have a hard time coming up with a plan to study and work and still have time for a regular life.
text:When I was in college, I went throgh the same phase as you are facing. Even my parent couldn't afford my college expense.  Yes, just concentrate on your study.	labels:It helps to know that other people have had similar experiences to mine.  It makes me feel less alone.
text:You are not alone. It is a phase of life. all have to go through it. Just stay focused and calm and motivated.	labels:Yea, maybe going on spring break will help to get my mind off all the work I have to do when I get back.
text:Enjoy your spring break and come up with freshness. I am pretty sure you will do very well.	labels:Thank you.  I will.  Do you have any suggestions on how I can plan for how to study once I get back?  Should I see a doctor to get some medicine for my anxiety?
text:The best way to plan your study is to set the target for a particular day that you have to complete it. Once you achieve it, you will be motivated and it will help you to do more work. you can take doctors opinion if it's required. you can take few breaks to relax youself in middle.	labels:That's good advice.  Thank you.  I will try to put some of this to good use.
text:My best wishes are there with you. May God give all  success that you wished for.	labels:Thank you so much for your insight.  I will be praying for a good outcome.
text:you will get it for sure! is there anything else I can help you with?	labels:I think you have eased my mind a little.  I feel better.  Thanks. Have a wonderful evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.\nHi there, how are you feeling?.	labels:Not feeling good. Trying to find a job but no success.
text:It's a really hard time to be finding new work isn't it? Are you getting unemployment or anything?.	labels:I am getting unemployment but that is not sufficient with 6 children..
text:Wow that's a lot of kids. Do you know that there are foodbanks out there which might be able to help you?	labels:As a single mother It's pretty hard to go to search for food bank. I am spending most of my time in looking for a job.
text:Are there any organisations that you could just call and explain your predicament to?	labels:I don't know any as I never faced such situation before and my partner was there to support the family. Now there is no support of him. life is becoming misearable.
text:Do you have friends who could help you, even with child care?.	labels:One of my friends was really helpful. She moved to different city last month. After that I am totally shattered.
text:I can imagine that that must have been traumatic. You will make new friends though..	labels:Life is becoming hard day by day. I am feeling guilty that I can't feed my kids well. No one wants to do friendship with poor people.
text:I am a poor person too and I'd be happy to be your friend. We have to stick together!.	labels:Thank you so much for all your support. You will be a  great person for sure. I would like to be your friend but I have nothing to return..
text:No need to return anything but friendship.  Thanks for talking!.	labels:I would try to search near by food bank or NGOs as you suggested . Thank you so much for all you help.
text:No problem at all ... I've been there :( (genuinely, not just for the HIT)	labels:Your words are motivational and it gave me positivity to move forward.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Are you here to help?\nHello! How are you today?	labels:not to good. my wife wants to split and it was after finding out we couldnt have any more kids, we have 1 already.
text:Oh no, I am so sorry to hear you are going through this difficulty. I am here to help and lend a sympathetic ear.	labels:Thanks.  Do you think there is any way to fix this?
text:I think there is a way to handle any situation. Have you had an honest and open conversation with your wife on both of your feelings on the matter?	labels:yes very open and honest.  Turns out she has some form of cancer and it is the cause of not being able to have anymore kids.
text:I am so sorry to hear that your wife has cancer. I have had an ill loved one and I know how difficult that can be, not just for the person going through it but for the family too. How do you feel about not having any more kids?.	labels:yes very stessful. I want more kids.  I have only had 2 of my own, 1 with my wfie 1 with my former partner.
text:I see. And is it a deal breaker for you if you cannot have any more kids? Would you be willing to stay with your wife and be content with the children you already have?	labels:no not a huge deal breaker.  But it is at the same time. Its a hard situation.
text:I understand, it is a very difficult situation. What is more important to you? Your relationship with your wife or having another child?	labels:a little of both i suppose.  Its so hard to choose. I guess time will tell...
text:Yes, it's tough. Maybe you should think about both scenarios and write down how it would make you feel. Picture being without your wife and how would that make you feel. Then picture being with your wife and your current family and how that would make you feel.	labels:thank you for your help.  I appreciate it.
text:Of course, I am here for whatever you need.	labels:of course.  I appreciate it so much. I want to stay with my wife, I really do. I guess there could be medication available to help perhaps.
text:Maybe you can tell your wife that?	labels:Yeah could probably do that.  We are early in this so things could go either way.
text:For sure. Is there anything else I can help with?	labels:I hope they go good for my and my wife sake.
text:me too.	labels:I have sleep problems and have been trying different medications.  Its hard to get the right amount of sleep. thank you for all of your help.  I hope all goes well.  I appreciate it so much!	episode_done:True
text:Hi! What's on your mind tonight?	labels:I think a friend I've known for 30 years since college has drifted away from me.  Even during the pandemic she has made new friends.
text:Oh, I'm sorry, that's not fun at all, especially since you two have been friends for so long.. Have you tried reaching out to her by phone, email or social media?	labels:She has cut our conversations short by saying she is tried. She will return text but I feel like I am always initiating. She likes watching tv show and told me with her NEW friend they Facetime and watch TV together.  I really hate watching TV so don't want to offer to participate..
text:Well, it's a positive sign that she hasn't blocked you completely. I agree, texting her each day could irritate her.. That's okay! You shouldn't do anything that isn't fun or enjoyable or comfortable for either of you, in my opinion..	labels:I am jealous that she is more successful in making new friends. I have not made a new friend in over 10 years.
text:It sounds like perhaps you should focus your attention on other friends and hopefully eventually this friend will need you for something in thier life.	labels:I don't have many other friends and they are out of state.  The one we are talking about lived an hour away but we would see each other 4 to 6 times a year,
text:So you're saying you feel hurt and depressed at not being able to make new friends easily in the pandemic, correct? Ahhhh.,.....yes that;s difficult, oh boy..	labels:Hurt, mad, jealous. I have trouble getting out enough to make friends - even if there wasn't a pandemic. I work a lot..
text:For the time being we're all stuck at home mostly, so maybe take some comfort in that in a strange way. Heck I rarely see my friends - maybe once a year, so I know how that feels..	labels:Good to know I'm not alone..
text:On the bright side of things, at least you have a job. Do you enjoy your job? Maybe start friendships with coworkers, possibly..	labels:Work place is very small and I'm not in the clique there. Vaccine will be available to my age group soon and the weather is getting warmer. So there is that to look forward too.
text:How often do you get out for fresh air? Sure it's not going to solve the lack of friends but it does help to clear your mind to go outside the next few months after work..	labels:Good idea. I really hope being able to take walks will help me clear my thoughts.
text:Yes, I agree with you, the warmer weather with the vaccine will probably speed up the end of all this. Cabin fever is real..	labels:I may join the book club when the library reopens.
text:It's really hard for people in our situation right now because there's only so many virtual things to attend but maybe I just thought of a virtual cocktail hour, and you could go on Facebook or even meetup.com or a free dating site to connect with other people in our situation who live near you. The book club is a great idea..	labels:Good ideas.  Thank you.  It was nice chatting with you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi! How is life treating you right now?. (apologies for the delay, I was afk)	labels:ITs been better. I am dealing with issues in life.
text:What sort of issues are you having? I am happy to listen.	labels:she was giving her kids who were 12 and 15 drugs, I turned her in to CPS for it. The relationship ended in a fury and  a mess.
text:Who is she? A partner, a sister or similar? I am glad you turned her in, whoever she was..	labels:girlfriend. well ex girlfriend.
text:That is a really lousy thing for her to have done. I am glad that you did the right thing!.	labels:Shes pretty furious from what I know. Shes trying to stalk me and find where I moved to. I left the state i lived in over all this. shes been known to be a bit violent and crazy in her reactions.
text:Have you considered getting a restraining order against her? That should be quite easy to do.	labels:it would then give her my address to where I live, which is what I fear most. as she then knows right where I am. the whole reason i left was to have her not know my location.
text:I hope that she would not be informed as to where you live though yes, I understand the dilemma. Have you spoken with the police?	labels:I have. I looked into it. and if i file a restraining order, it will give her my address. To supress my address it would take charges filed and things of the sort. Shes crafty.
text:Wow that sounds like it has put you in a bind. I do understand cos once I had to flee from a boyfriend and was scared he would come after me..	labels:She will definately come after me. I have evidence that makes her guilty that has been turned into the attorneys and cps. Shes losing custody of her daughter who is 12. The 15yr old lives with the father. so she wont lose custody, but im sure her visits will be messed up.
text:Are you still in contact with her kids? Do you have a good relationship with them?	labels:I am not. I am not planning on it either. Staying away is the best plan.
text:It might help them a lot to have someone stable in their life though?.	labels:they have fathers. I am not involved like that. we had a short relationship and I am sure her girls will be bitter with me even tho i did the correct thing by turning her in. but the guilt from turning her in is terrible.
text:You did the right thing. Would you have wanted the girls to end up as addicts, dead or in prison?	labels:She was not a good person. So it makes it easy to not regret it. but i still feel guilty. guilt caused issues last month when this all started and came to a head. it was a mess. I was a mess. things happened.
text:Do you think that perhaps the guilt is not entirely related to your circumstances currently?	labels:I dont believe so. The guilt to me sets with causing a disruption between mother and daughters. It created a large burden for me to bear.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there.\nhi how are you today? How can I assist you?	labels:I'm feeling really stressed. I'm about to graduate from college, but my last two classes are killing me. I keep having dreams that I've been forgetting to go to a third class and now I won't graduate. It's keeping me from being able to concentrate on the real classes.
text:It seems you are working really hard and in stress due to your classes..	labels:Yes, I am working really hard.
text:The good part is you are giving your best and keep doing it. don't think too much about the result. These kind of dreams are the worries inside you..	labels:It's hard not to think about the result when the stress is interfering with my studying. I don't know how to manage the stress.
text:I can understand the situation you are going through. You are working hard and keep doing it and try to mediate for few minutes in a day. Hope that will release your stress.	labels:Okay, meditation. I can do that.. But what else can I do?
text:When I am in stress I do mediation and it gives me relaxation and a new way to think. sometime our body and mind need peace to work better.	labels:I've never meditated before. I'm not sure how. I even worry about meditating, my goodness.
text:Mediation is just to concentrate on your breath. There are so many videos on internet. You can take short break when you feel exhausted and talk to friend and family for a while. It will help you..	labels:Okay, I'll try that. Hopefully it helps.  I'm just so worried about graduating now that I'm so close.
text:You will graduate with flying colors. My best wishes are there with you. stay focused and calm. That's the mantra. Hope you will achieve whatever you want. Best wishes!	labels:Thank you! I'm so close to getting  my degree, and it's been a long time coming!
text:Is there something else that I can help you with? The time will go fast. don't worry.	labels:I know, only two months left! And I only had two classes left this semester, so maybe that's why I keep dreaming I've forgotten a class. Did you have a similar experience sometime?
text:You can do it I am pretty sure. Keep working on your goal. I had such kind of anxiety when I was in college. The best way to come out from it is to stay focused and calm.	labels:It does make me feel better that it's a pretty universal feeling.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:hi, how are you?
text:good how are you. can you talk more about your feelings at this time?	labels:Ive been better, but thank you for asking. I have suffered through depression my entire adult life. Now its at its all time worst. I am financially struggling and trying to provide for my 3 kids. I can no longer afford doctors visits or my prescription meds for anxiety and depression. I feel overwhelmed and hopeless. have you ever struggled with depression or anxiety?
text:it sounds like you're really anxious and stressed about this situation let's try to figure out a path to move foward. Yes I have also struggled with depression and anxiety.	labels:absolutely. I am sorry that you too, know what that is like. how are you coping with that now?
text:I try to do yoga and meditate in order to deal with stress. it's great that you are trying to find solutions.	labels:That is awesome! Meditation is my go to. I love nature, crystals and meditation. Thank you. I am trying my best.. it is challenging. Im good at helping others, but I have neve been able to help myself or listen to my own advice for some reason.
text:I have struggled with the same, have you considered counseling or another form of therapy ?	labels:I have, but I haven't followed through because of money constraints. It also makes me very nervous to open up and talk face to face about my struggles. HAve you done that, if so, did it help you?
text:I have tried different methods of therapy, and have found low cost options in my area.	labels:That is good! Can I ask what state you are from? I am in Tennessee.
text:I am from connecticut.	labels:nice, I have never been there before. How was the weather there today? It was 65 degrees and sunny here today.
text:around 40 degrees and windy and there is still snow on the ground.	labels:Oh wow! We rarely get snow, but a couple weeks ago we got snowed in. The mos snow my kids have ever seen!.
text:I miss the sun we have been snowed in for months.	labels:Thank you for talking to me, it has been a nice distraction from my own brain.
text:you're welcome!	labels:I can understand that! I love the sun and hate gloomy days. Do you have any children?
text:No im in college.	labels:thats cool, what are you studying?
text:Economics and Geography.	labels:thats awesome!
text:Thank you!	labels:I was horrible in my high school economics class, I could have used your help for sure lol.
text:trust me the first economics test I took I got a 55% it did not come naturally to me.	labels:It is not easy! What kind of work are you wanting to do when you are finished with college?
text:Urban planning, what do you do for work?	labels:that is cool! I was a vet tech for 8 years before having children, Then once my kids started elementary school, I was the child nutrition manager and ran their schools cafeteria. Since covid, I have not worked and I home school them. I miss working with animals!.
text:I love animals I have a cat! His name is lucky.	labels:That is a cute name! I have a dog named Mamoa, he was a rescue from the Nashville Tornado that happened a year ago!
text:Wow do animals help with your stress?	labels:he is a pitbull mix, we are not sure what he is mixed with, id guess a lab. yes very much so. I see him as my therapist lol.
text:I have never had any dogs before but I see my cat as a therapist too.	labels:he also has anxiety from all he has been through so we are clingy to each other. I am glad you have Lucky for that!
text:You should take him on walks it would probably reduce anxiety for the both of you!	labels:That is a great idea! I take him to state parks on trails sometimes when the weather is nice. I really need to make it a daily thing. Should we end this convo? Ive never done one of these before.
text:me either but i think we have enough data. you have to end it because you're the peer.	labels:okay, well I really appreciate your time and your input. it did cheer me up. good luck in college!	episode_done:True
text:HI.\nHi there! How are you doing?	labels:I'm doing good, hbu?
text:I'm good! It's a beautiful evening where I am. What's on your mind?	labels:Work is becoming a burden. I've just graduated college and my first ever job is stressful!
text:Oh wow! Well first of all, I want to say that I definitely empathize with you. My first job out of college was one of the most stressful times of my life. It does get better though. What is stressful about your job?	labels:Everyone I've reached out to has said the same. There are several factors that make my job stressful. The biggest issues are working from home and unrealistic deadlines.
text:Oh wow, that sounds really hard, and I can only imagine it is so difficult to be breaking into a new career entirely working from home. Even people I know who have been in their jobs a long time are struggling with remote work. It is hard if your company is not being flexible on deadlines during this time.. Have you found any strategies that have helped a tiny bit?	labels:It has been very hard in general, training has been a nightmare! I've tried to develop some coping strategies but they seem to fly out the window when i'm really stressed. I tend to over eat in these situations aswell.
text:I totally feel that! I think that has been a struggle for me during quarantine too - the "quarantine fifteen!" I have had to look for other forms of comfort to keep that at bay ... but I did bake cookies tonight :). I know I'm just an mturk rando, but the one thing I know that has helped almost everyone I know with career stress is having a mentor. Especially someone who is not at your company. Do you know anyone, even a friend of a friend, who could maybe be a sounding board for your career?	labels:Haha you're a good rando. I would love to have someone to be a guide in my career but most of my family are blue collar workers. Whenever I vent they think its a joke because my job is cushy and pays extremely well. I'm honestly the snowflake in the family.
text:Oh say no more! I totally get that just based on my own background as well. The only thing I could recommend is to cast a wide net when thinking about mentorship... maybe even a former professor in your field could recommend a former student who graduated a few years before you. Just a thought, but I know for myself, it's nice to have validation if the people I am working with are having unfair expectations. I hope that helped a bit, and if not, please let me know. We can keep chatting and dig into this a bit more if you'd like. What do you think?	labels:You definitely given me some food for thought, I didn't think this would go so well lol. Makes me feel a little less lonely today :)
text:I really enjoyed talking with you! Also, I just have to say, we are all having such a hard time with this pandemic. It's not just you - you aren't broken. You are doing your best as we alll are :).	labels:omg don't make me cry, I'm tearing up rn. I just want to thank you for the tips!
text:You are totally welcome! I've been where you are (minus the pandemic). You will make it, and you really will adjust to the stress and also find better jobs over time.	labels:Thank you so much! Maybe our paths will cross again on Mturk. Have a goodnight/day where ever you are!
text:I hope so! Best of luck to you... straight outta Austin, TX :).	labels:Boston, MA signing off :)	episode_done:True
text:Good evening, how are you feeling at the moment?	labels:Hey, how are you. I wish I can say I'm good but feeling down and nervous. :(
text:Oh I am so sorry. Please know that I am happy to listen! What is going on with you?	labels:I'm about to lose my current job, because my contract is about to expire. I don't have another job offer on the line.
text:Is there no possibility of having your contract renewed?	labels:They honored my current contract, but due to rising cost and expenses they are downsizing the company.
text:It could be due to the pandemic, I suppose. Are you in touch with government agencies who could help you due to the exceptional circumstances?	labels:Yes I reached out, but unemployment won't help as much, won't cover most of my expenses. I just don't know how to deal and cope from this. I want to change my mindset but it's all at once and I can't deal with it.
text:I think a good place to start would be your doctor - they might be able to refer you to a counsellor..	labels:I understand seeking professional help is a good move. But its more the feeling of uncertainty that I have trouble coping with. I know if I can overcome this, I can deal with it and move on. Any ideas?.
text:Would you consider taking some sort of job on a temporary basis, even though it is way out of your normal field?  Bar tending or something? Just to make you feel you were earning..	labels:I do have side incomes, but I lost majority of my income. But I know I can find something in the future. I just need to overcome this anxiety and nervous feeling. Maybe then I can have confidence..
text:Would you consider medication? It's not a panacea but it can help in the short term.	labels:No medications, a bit stronger than that. I can cope without that. Probably might seek a professional and talk it out.
text:Whatever you do don't go self medicating! That does not help at all.. I hope I have been able to give you a little bit of piece of mind and I wish you a good deal of luck in the future.	labels:That true, I meant I dont want any medications. Might try other coping techniques, talking, breathing.
text:That sounds like a really good idea! All the best.	labels:Thanks for the advice of the professional though, I think its a good start. I feel better now.
text:Anyway thanks for talking :) Can you press the quit button as I am not allowed to my end..	labels:Yes, thank you for helping and good luck with everything..	episode_done:True
text:Hey! How can I help? How are you?	labels:I am sad because I lost a family member to politics.
text:How have you lost them?	labels:I was not invited to Christmas and had a separate one. So the family picture is really awkward.
text:Why do you think you were not invited?	labels:Because he gets really angry at LGBT people.
text:Does he have a reason or is it just his thinking?	labels:Have a reason for what, do you say?
text:Does he have a reason for getting angry at LGBT people?	labels:He has the right wing agenda stuck up his ass, but no, no real reason whatsoever.
text:If he doesn't respect your lifestyle, I'm sure he doesn't hate you as a person, he just needs time to accept your decision.	labels:Perhaps so, but I still feel like it is unfair. I have accepted that we will probably not be on good terms in the future.
text:You should strive to be on good terms, no matter how long it takes. It's just a matter of how long.	labels:I should, I fear that it will take too long, but it is worth it.
text:Yeah! It will all be worth it. Maybe try to understand it from where he is coming from, did anything happen for him to feel this way?	labels:That's something you would have to ask him, but I feel like I am at peace for now. Let people do their own thing, is what I think.
text:Yeah that a good way to look at it. Maybe take your mind of it by occupying yourself.	labels:Well I think you are right. Perhaps I'll do that right now. Thanks for chatting it was helpful!
text:Your welcome :)	labels:Yes, thanks :)	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you?\nI'm doing well. How are things going with you?	labels:I'm really pissed off. My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
text:Oh no, that must be so frustrating for you.	labels:We made a piece of software together. It was sweet. We were marketing it to different firms. We thought we could make a bundle.
text:So you were partners in the development of the software and both put in a lot of work? Did you have any indication that he might try to defraud you?	labels:The stupid SOB went behind  my back and cut a deal. I didn't get as much as I should have. I totally didn't suspect anything because we had been friends for so long. I guess the money was too sweet. Never again...
text:So it feels like he took advantage of your friendship. That must be hard, but don't beat yourself up about it. Let's come up with some safeguards for the future to avoid more incidents.	labels:Good point. I feel like a fool, but it could happen to anyone. Safeguards. Ok.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you today?.	labels:I do not know what to do. I feel like shit.
text:Okay try not to worry. Can you tell me a bit about why you feel so bad?	labels:I got kicked out of the home I was living in.
text:Wow I am really sorry. Were you living with family, or with friends?	labels:I lived in a rented room.
text:So you were thrown out from a place you were renting? Did you do anything wrong?	labels:No. The renter said he just wanted me out. He also charged me ninety extra dollars.
text:Wow that is illegal. Do you know that there are organisations that can help you with this sort of thing?	labels:No. I did not. I asked my exboyfriend at the time for advice. He just say to pay him and move.
text:I think that that was bad advice to be honest. I think that you are being ripped off. Do not worry, there are things that you can do about it!.	labels:That is reassuring. I would like action to be taken for justice.
text:You are definitely entitled to it. Do you have somewhere else to live in the meantime?	labels:I have a couch to crash on. Another guy said I could store my furniture in his basement. But no official room.
text:It's a precarious position to be in, especially during a pandemic. Do you have any family members who might help?.	labels:Yes, I could call my mother. She has a room to stay in. But I only have the money to drive to her home, not the money for a rental truck to move all my stuff.
text:Would any family members be prepared to loan you money or a vehicle?	labels:I could ask my aunt to use her car, she has an SUV, where as I drive a sedan..
text:How much stuff do you have that needs to be moved?.	labels:Queen bed, bed frame, small desk, roll chair, bookshelf, rug, boxes of kitchen stuff, etc..
text:Try not to worry too much - I was in this position once myself and it did all turn out for the best though it was very scary at the time..	labels:Yes, I feel almost numb from the depression. Like non of my stuff matters, only that I am physically safe..
text:I think it would be a good idea for you to try and get medical help for your depression.	labels:Yes, I agree. Asking for help is a plan.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. Is someone there?\nYES, my name is Cheryl. How are ya today?	labels:Doing ok. Trying to stay busy with a Youtube channel I just started.
text:Is there something specific on your mind or heart? Maybe regarding the start of the Youtube Channel? By the way, what's your name?	labels:Situation is as described above; have an addiction issue which led to prison time. Trying to get back on track. Youtube channel is to share things I learned about religion as I took a deep dive with the time I had. Sorry, not wanting to share name.. People told me I should become a minister or write a book. The Youtube channel is to share the insights..
text:Oh no problem regarding the name. I'm sure that you could be helpful to so many. And it must be difficult getting back on track into the wide open world.	labels:America is unforgiving of mistakes initially. But we were a country founded on cast offs from other places. Assume you are in the States, or no?
text:For sure! It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders! I am in the US yes. Do you have hopes of pursuing ministry at some point?	labels:Problem is mainly no real source of income and covid-19 hasnt helped with job, or having outside association. On ministry I am of a faith without paid ministry. Hence the Youtube channel to reach out and share at the same time.
text:Knowing that there is a higher power takes the focus off of "me." I think this offers a better way of living.	labels:Higher power- an AA term. Was in an AA group at prison even though addiction was different.
text:Regarding work especially in the Covid world ... I know it is a struggle. So many are having hardships right now.	labels:Yes, I know but still too easy to look at own situation when some are starving. Not an issue I have.
text:Well I personally believe in one Almighty God. It sounds like you are saying a higher power is sort of elusive.	labels:Yes, I believe in Yehovah as God. Some their higher power wasnt a god like entity..
text:So I would like to encourage you on the Youtube channel idea.	labels:Think we have timed out CHEERS.
text:You could be a blessing to so many others. And sometimes just by sharing our hardships, the knowledge we gained is embedded even more. Have high hopes that it will all work out.	labels:Thanks for the answers. May god shine upon you and yours.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. How are you today?	labels:Hi.  I'm OK.  How are you?
text:I'm OK as well.	labels:so I have a person at my work that likes/wants to do my job. they often do something that I was responsible for or I needed to do.
text:How do you feel when that happens?	labels:I upsets me a lot.
text:That can be really frustrating. What do you do when it happens?	labels:I have gone to my supervisor and explained it to him. At first he ignored it. But recently, he paid a little attention to it. I have had to speak with him 6 times in the last year about this. Are you there/
text:It's good that you're seeking help from your supervisor.. Is your coworker open to suggestions and feedback?	labels:Yes.  He actually was married to her.  Now they are in the middle of divorce.  So I think he is more receptive now. No.  She has been asked repeatedly not to interfere and keeps doing it.
text:Perhaps you can seek help from other coworkers as well. They may be able to provide you with support with this situation. .	labels:Yes.  They all sympathize with me.  But there is nothing they can really do, as everyone is in a position below the two of us.
text:I've been in a situation similar to this and I found that talking to some of my friends outside of work has helped me to express some of my frustration and gain perspective..	labels:Yes.  That's a good idea.  I've told friends and they sympathize.  They don't understand why my supervisor isn't more forceful.  I have just kind of given up on it.  If she wants to do it, that's fine.  If anything goes wrong, I will blame it on her.
text:It seems like you have found a way to manage it during work. Why do you think that she is trying to do your work?	labels:I think she want's my job.  Oh well.  It was nice talking to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nhello,what is on your mind today.	labels:I feel bad putting this on your shoulders, maybe you can help.
text:i have big shoulders! whats on your mind?	labels:I'm just struggling a lot to find the motivation to do anything at all, even the most basic of things. Sometimes I get very intense feelings of sadness and just want to drop everything I'm doing, like I can't do anything more.
text:i think a lot of people are feeling that way these past few months.. do you think it is covid related? not sickness, more depression.	labels:Yes that's very true, depression is probably hitting people the worst right now.
text:its becoming a new normal lol.	labels:No I've been fighting depression since I was probably like 12 years old, it first really hit me when I moved from where I was living all my life and lost all my friends and I was terrified. Now I'm 29. But covid definitely plays a factor.
text:a few months ago i was feeling the same way. i dont have health insurance but googled and found some online docturs. i got to see a doc and get on antidepressants for less than a hundred. covid plays a factor in EVERYTHING ugh.	labels:So you had the therapy session online with them via webcam or you found them online first then went to see them in person. Yeah covid is doing damage in more ways than one.
text:all online! :) meds shipped to my door. i love it!	labels:Wow that's great.
text:theres a free site called 7 cups that does free peer to peer couseling too. its good when i have a lot on my mind.	labels:I would have to do it in person, I don't want people I live with to hear about all my pathetic mental problems. Oh 7 cups, I had an account there and met a really nice girl there that was helping me and she was living with an abusive family at the same time, its crazy but now I can't access that account anymore, I'm so sad about that. I think it says the account doesn't exist when I try to login now.
text:can you make a new  one?	labels:Sure I guess I'll have to do that but I really wanted to get back into that account, don't want to lose contact with that girl that was helping me.
text:cerebral is that one site with the cheap docs.	labels:do you mean um....cheap med? cerebral seems to be an antidepressant when i googled.
text:check the website q and a.	labels:oh wait nevermind i spoke too soon.
text:for cupsmaybe thers a contact you can email to try to regain access.	labels:Yeah definitely, I should try contacting their support to try and restore my account.
text:they are doing so much things now, you just gotta get on google and see whats out there!. i think you are going to be okay, there are definately tough times but you seem to have a grip on knowing what you need. that is great.	labels:Yeah, I gotta do therapy thats a must and I think it has to be in person so I can try to let some of it out with someone face to face.......but that's going to be very hard, to trust someone and open up about everything because its not just depression. Online is convenient but its just too much going on.
text:i agree, just with all the covid crap i know it can be hard to get a face to face! :)	labels:Right...
text:its great that you know what you need to do though adn that you know what helps. is there anytihng else you want to talk about?	labels:Ah I don't know it's too much, I don't want to make this hours long. But thank you for talking a little bit about it with me and sharing those resources. Hopefully I can find a 'natural' way to fix these things without taking meds that might change who I am for the worst or something. Hope you have a nice night and stay healthy, you and your family.
text:hang in there!	labels:Thanks, you too, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, is there anything I can help you with?	labels:hello, thanks for reaching out to me.
text:You're most welcome! How are things in your life right now?	labels:not so good.
text:Is there anything specific that is making you feel bad?	labels:Yes, i lost my 9 - 5 job last week, and considering the pandemic, it makes me anxious and scared.
text:Wow that is not good at all. Do you have any savings that you can fall back on in the short term?.	labels:Yes i have some savings , but it is not much.
text:I believe that there are some government assistance programmes for people who have been made unemployed as a result of the pandemic..	labels:okay great! do you know how i an access it?
text:I am not totally sure but you could try asking your local Citizen's Advice Bureau and they should be able to help..	labels:Alright, no problem, also because of the job loss i have been having insomnia and anxiety problems.
text:I hear you, I have been suffering badly from them the last year too. Have you seen anyone about it?.	labels:Talked to few friends about it, but their advices does not help.
text:Have you considered seeing someone professional? You might be able to get that free too given your circumstances.	labels:i have not seen any professional, do you think that will help?
text:Yes I think it should. They might be able to give you advice about your finances too..	labels:Okay great. but have you ever lost a job or know a friend that lost one.
text:I have yes but I was fortunate enough that I was able to get a new one very quickly. I know that there is much more competition for jobs during this time though.	labels:okay that is very good for you, i am happy for you.
text:Have you started looking for a new job?	labels:Yes i have, i have submitted my CV to different companies, i am expecting that they call for interview.
text:Well that sounds very promising. I hope that you are successful..	labels:Thank you so much for that assurance, i really needed it It means a lot.
text:You're most welcome and I wish you all the best in the future..	labels:Thank you very much, i wholeheartedly appreciate!
text::) You need to quit from your end and take the survey - I can't do it my end.	labels:Okay i will do it right away. Have a GREAT Day!	episode_done:True
text:hi.\nso you feel as though your all alone? I am here for you if you need to talk.	labels:I am going through some depression.
text:/sounds like you are depressed ? Well I can assure you that I am here if you need or want to talk about why your depressed. when I get depressed , I just want to be by myself but it does help when I talk it out.	labels:thank you for that. I am depressed due to the COVID pandemic. Stuck in the house for long time.
text:I can totally understand , with covid pandemic Its hard not to be depressed, considering all the changes going on.	labels:Moreover, I have some deaths in the extended family due to COVID.
text:Oh! my having family members passing away is so awful , I am sorry to hear that and can understand why you are depressed.	labels:yea, just trying to keep the spirit up and this depression keeps coming...
text:Have you reached out to anyone for support?	labels:Not really.. what would you suggest?
text:I have had to in the past when I lost my dad, it wasnt due to covid but I really needed somone that didnt know me..	labels:Was it helpful?
text:Your family dr. would give you some information, that is how I was able to find somone. I was very thankful to my dr. And yes, it did help.	labels:I might look for someone like that..
text:well it looks like you have a future plan, thats an awsome start. not to mention i will be here for you as well, ya know extra support.	labels:Thank you. One other quick question.. was it in-person or remote?
text:You are welcome, I hope your day is better now , stay as positive as you can, trust me its not an easy thing to do when going through what your going through now.	labels:I will .. thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there!\nhello! what is on your mind today?	labels:My girlfriend dumped me recently. I'm so lonely. I want another girlfriend, but I'm afraid that I'll never find another one like my last . I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
text:breakups can be really hard! can i ask why she dumped you?	labels:Yes. And this one has been so hard on me. I've lost my appetite. I have trouble sleeping. She said that "we are just not compatible" which sounds like BS. I think she was cheating on me, too.
text:sounds like you are pretty depressed. that is understandable though. if she was cheating she wanst that good of a girl friend. if she said you were not compatible then it sounds to me like she has someone else.	labels:Yeah, but I really liked her a lot. I think that maybe we just needed more time. She didn't know me well enough.
text:as hard and lonely as it is right now, it was a good thing. yiu seem really great, and you deserve way better than that!	labels:Thanks! I keep telling myself that, but I'm worried that the same thing will happen with the next girlfriend.
text:it can be hard letting people in so they can get to know you. fear and worry is natural, expecially after being hurt. can you think of anything you could do differnt in a new relationship if you entered one?	labels:I wonder that too. Did I shut her out? Was she needing more from me? Maybe I could be more open? I'm not sure. After this experience, I really don't trust women.
text:personally, i think dating right now is hard with all the covid crap. its hard to go on dates and do things other than sit in front of a tv. it makes things difficult. do you trust your mom?	labels:Maybe it is better to wait a bit. But I feel like I need to DO something to get better, not just wait around.. In matters of the heart? No, I don't trust my mom. In matters of the kitchen, yes.
text:lol  i was adopted. i don't trust my mom. either of them... lol that was a horrible example. what i was getting at awas maybe changing your sentance to i dont trust many women.	labels:OH! Ok. I see what you are saying. I should be careful about generalization. That's a good point. One bad experience shouldn't color my view.
text:if you try to get into a new relationship with the mentality that woment cant be trusted.... what re the chances you open up and let the next girl get to know you? you seem like you have a good head on your shoulders!	labels:True. But how do I learn to trust women without getting badly hurt again?.
text:it does suck with things rae not pre-covid normal and you go from having someone there to being like what do i do now? i just binge watched national geographic out of boredom. i think i am going crazy.	labels:Hm. So, Dr. Freud, tell me about your love life.... LOL. Just kidding. I feel ya. I want to learn trust, but I don't know when the right conditions will return.
text:you are hurt because she broke up with you... that will make you stronger and be more attentive next time. and if everyone was born and met thier solemate it would be odd. life is about ups and downs. by the time you find mrs right, all these idiots that were not good for you will help turn you into the perfect person for the one that wont break your heart.	labels:True. You make a lot of great points. I needed to get some perspective on this issue. Thanks for chatting with me today!
text:lol i have had my fair share of horrible relationships and breakups trust me. it was nice talking to you!	labels:Thanks again!
text:have a great night!	labels:You too! Best of luck with your next "client." :-)	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHey! How can I help?	labels:So I don't know if you can see the topic of my problem like I can see on my screen? If not I'll explain.
text:Yes please do.	labels:So I had a long time friend who recently blocked me from everything. The reason was I refused to hang out with her during covid and she questioned our friendship. Something she said was "It's selfish of me to work rather than spend time with a special friend." So I got upset and called her out. And in response she blocked me. And I'm more upset at myself because I wanted to tell her more about how horrible of a human being she is in general. But I cannot because she blocked me on everything.
text:Have you explained to her that you NEED to work, and don't be upset with yourself because you did the right thing. If your friendship was strong she will surely unblock you. Give her time to cool down.	labels:Yeah I did. And she just got more upset and said I was selfish. Like she's the type who would not back down. and she's lost many friends and romanics partners that way. So I feel like she's not going to unblock me and get back together. I'm just really upset because I want to call her off, not because I lost a friendship. Because screw her : ) I put up with her too much.
text:You are not the one who is selfish here as you have done the right thing, and she will hopefully see that.	labels:Should I go to her house and personally tell her how I feel?
text:If she doesn't then you know she wasn't worth your time in the first place. And no because this will make her more angry. If she is aware of how you feel, she will come back in due time.	labels:I guess I'm the type of person who has to tell people how I feel, otherwise I won't find peace. Do you have any other suggestions how I can get passed this?
text:But for now, you should find other ways to make peace with yourself, for example, hanging out with other friends and that may take your mind of it. and if that isn't an option simply keeping yourself busy may help.	labels:But I can't really hang out with anyone because of COVID. That's how this whole situation started : )
text:Maybe spend more time with work, or keeping yourself occupied with other things. And she will come back if she really cared about your relationship in the first place.	labels:Yeah, work can keep my mind off all this.. And that's true. Thank you for listening to my ranting..
text:Your welcome, there is always someone out there for you :)	labels:Aw thank you! You have a good one.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, how are you?
text:Doing good.. How are you?	labels:I'm feeling really anxious these days. 	I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
text:I understand your frustration. All of us are challenged due to COVID.	labels:School was always hard. Now it's gotten harder. I think a lot of people are stressed.
text:How long are you doing the online school?	labels:Last semester and this semester. It feels like a lot longer though..
text:What are you missing most? Friends?	labels:A balance in life. I spend so much time online. I'm always staring at a screen. I would like to get aware from the computer.
text:As the vaccination started, I believe we will be back to normal soon...	labels:Yeah, I can't wait for things to return to normal. Until then, I don't know what I can do to feel normal.
text:I saw some of my friends hang out in zoom... having virtual drinks.. have you tried that?	labels:No, I haven't. I thought it wouldn't be the same as really hanging out. I don't drink. I do like to play board games though.
text:It will not be same.. but better than being alone...	labels:That's true. I wanted to play board games online with some friends, but they weren't interested. It's not the same thing to play with strangers.
text:I have a group with my elementary school friends.. we hang out in zoom because we all are spread out across the globe.. some times.. it;s fun as we can share a lot of memories..	labels:That's great. I wish I had kept in touch with my friends from those days. I'm not really much for just socializing though. I like some kind of activity, like games.
text:Got you.. try to form a group on-line with the people you know.. at least until this CONVID thing is over..	labels:Ok. Not really sure how to form a group. I want to reach out, but so many people are flaky. They makes plans then bail at the last minute.
text:For sure you would find someone.. if you keep looking..	labels:Ok. Will do. I'll see what I can get done. Thanks for your help.
text:you welcome.	labels:Have a good day!	episode_done:True
text:Hi there, how are you feeling at the moment?	labels:Okay for the most I guess.
text:Is there anything you'd like to open up about today?	labels:I just wanted why people do not see to notice me or want to have a conversation with me. Typos, sorry.
text:I am sorry to hear you feel that way - are you talking about anyone specific or just generally?	labels:Some of my own family members actually, I get cut off or not heard at all.
text:So you feel that you are being treated as though you are invisible in a family setting?	labels:I share pics in an email or text and share things in person but no one seems that interested and yes I listen to them.
text:That really sucks. Do you have many friends and contacts outside of the family setting?	labels:Not really, I never made friends too easily.  Not seeing anyone in person because of the pandemic except a few family members.
text:Yes the pandemic is making everyone feel a bit raw I think. Are you actually seeing your family in person regularly?	labels:I see them about two times a month, I am their ride as they have no car. Mostly it is my sibling, you can never please me, I know he is the one with the issue but just wish he would listen better and not make harsh comments.
text:Would you consider calling a family conference and telling them how you feel?	labels:Meant please him.
text:It's okay I got it :). To be honest I have some experience of being in this position and eventually I had to cut some family members off for my own mental health.	labels:It would not help, he would never go for that. Sometimes we do have a rare good talk. Just frustrated because I saw him today and he once again made some comments.
text:There are counsellors available that you could see one to one that might be able to help you be more assertive?	labels:Oh I am quite assertive but with family I do not want to cause any issues.
text:I understand. So this is not an overall issue, just a family one?	labels:Thanks anyway, you cannot change anyone but yourself. I will survive.
text:I wish you all the best. I hope that things will pick up for you in the near future!.	labels:In the past I was more invisble to others in general but that has improved as I will actually strike up a conversation. Just sometimes I feel unnoticed. Thank you.
text:Thank you for talking!.	labels:You too, take care.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, how are you? I am dealing with a lot right now!\nHello! How can I help? What is wrong?	labels:My job is driving me nuts! I can't handle it anymore.
text:How is it driving you nuts?	labels:The pressure has been building and building. They keep giving me more responsibility, but no more help! The pandemic has really made my job a lot harder.
text:I have also went through the same thing as you and I know how hard it feels, so believe in yourself. You have been given responsibility because you are competent enough to carry it out.	labels:I want to quit the job and get away from the pressure. I'm worried about my mental health and also about the risk of COVID. I think that's the problem! I'm TOO competent.
text:Don't quit your job because it will only make life harder in the long run.	labels:I think the company wouldn't give me so much work if I were worse at my job. The reward for doing a good job is more work! I know, I know! But the anxiety is killing me! Every day at work is worse than the last!
text:Being competent is good and you will surely get compensation for the amount of work you put in, maybe a promotion.	labels:I don't want to quit. How do I find a balance? How do I manage my anxiety? I don't think the company wants to give me a promotion because that would cost them more money. Maybe another company would pay me better.
text:You could always work harder and show them you can work, maybe then they will offer you a promotion. You can manage your anxiety by maybe meditating, it seems you have a lot going on so it would help to forget about things for a while.	labels:I have never tried meditation. That's a good idea. Maybe some other people at the company would like to try it too.
text:Yeah! Get others to do it with you and you may start to feel more comfortable.	labels:That's true. Meditation is a good way to get in contact with my emotions. It might help me not feel so isolated..
text:Yeah! You are never alone you can always get through this.	labels:Yeah. I *can* get through this, if I reach out to others at the company. Maybe not the managers, but the other employees certainly know what I'm going through.
text:Yes and maybe they are going through the same thing so they would like to find a solution as well.	labels:I feel the anxiety getting better. I know that others have tried meditation to deal with stress and anxiety. It's a good suggestion. Thanks!
text:Your Welcome anytime!	labels:I'm actually looking forward to work tomorrow! I bet that my co-workers will welcome the suggestion of meditation.
text:Yes thats the spirit! Don't let your mood change now.	labels:Will do! Have a good day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello. How you doing today?
text:How may I help you? I am doing good ... thanks..	labels:well now a days I am struggling to keep myself sane because of not having a job.
text:Ohh.. you currently in between jobs. Is that correct?	labels:well I am not doing any job just freelancing which is a stable and guarantee income.
text:Are you looking for job?	labels:Yes I am looking for one but so far not succeeded at all.
text:How did you prepare your resume? Have you had it revieed by any professional resume writer?	labels:I made my resume from a website called Novoresume and time to time I update my resume too. It looks pretty professional.
text:When you submit resume, first it is scanned by a software for key words. Are you sure you have all the right key words, so that the scanning software picks it up?	labels:What are the keywords? do you know about anything it? I do not email the PDF file but the word file so my resume do not get ignore by the software company is using. Do you think Covid-19 has anything to do with it?
text:If you don't have the right key words, it may not be picked up. The professional resume writers typically run the resume through the scanning software and make sure it is picked up at least 90% of the time. For some businesses, COVID might be an issue.	labels:Okay but what are the keywords? Is it different for different business?
text:yes, you need to compile keywords... from the potential job postings. ..and add them to your resume somehow...	labels:Covid-19 cause problem for everyone I guess not only me.
text:that's for sure..	labels:Okay but I do not think so keywords are the issue.
text:Are you getting call from the employers?	labels:I am not getting calls from HR deptartment.
text:good.. then keyword is not the issue...	labels:Covid situation is getting better now so maybe I get a call.
text:Are you getting interview call? I hope thigs will work out for you.	labels:Yeah before covid I got two calls but during the Covid period not even one. Yeah I hope so.
text:I think the situation will get better soon...	labels:Yeah I hope so.
text:Anything else I could help you with?	labels:No that was helpful.
text:thanks.. have a good day.	labels:You too.	episode_done:True
text:hello. anyone there.\nHello, what can I help you with today?	labels:am not fine.
text:What is it that is making you feel this way?	labels:i was cheated on severally, and it resulted me to end the relationship.
text:It sounds like you had to deal with a partner recently cheating and a breakup, is this right?.	labels:yes thats it.
text:It sounds like this has been stressful for you and you are trying to figure out how to move on from this..	labels:exactly, i can tend to focus because i have given so much time and affection, i never thought i would be called the fool after everything i did.
text:It is incredibly difficult to get something like this off your mind and it seems like you are trying your best to move forward with your life.	labels:i want to move on but i dont know how, i tried to but i just cant.
text:I have been through this, I learned how to keep myself busy and do things that I enjoy to occupy my mind and let time heal those wounds.	labels:i think you right, maybe i should renew my netflix sub, since i find great interest in movies so as to get some positive vibes and think less of this whole situation.
text:Science shows that during a breakup sometimes you romanticize the relationship and view it as better than it actually was and missing something that wasn't as good as you thought.	labels:yh thats true.
text:My suggestion is to focus on new hobbies, spend time with friends and family when possible, if you have work you can do in the mean time, if you like to exercise or go outside, all of this is a helpful tool..	labels:this is really helpful, i really do appreciate this suggestions.
text:Don't be afraid to express your feelings and confide in others about your emotions and mental health. It is still a loss and something you should feel comfortable grieving..	labels:Thanks alot, i feel very relieved talking to you alone, i feel like something negative just left me, i know i will be a better person from this day onward.
text:I am glad this was helpful for you and hope you will seek further advice if you feel the need to discuss with someone unbiased..	labels:thanks, you are a life saver. gotta go now.
text:Okay hope all is well and I can provide resources if needed for you..	labels:i got all i need now. have a nice day ahead.	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:HI, how are you? I'm having a problem. It's making me angry.
text:What makes you angry. Can you describe.	labels:My friend has a new girlfriend. She's really unpleasant to everyone. I can't stand her.
text:Oh  thats so sad. I am feeling very bad.	labels:Thank you. I would like my friend to dump this girlfriend. She's ruining the friendship!
text:Do one thing call her and try to talk with her. In our world no one is mean.	labels:I've tried to talk to her. She's arrogant and insulting. She thinks that everyone else is an idiot. Talking to her just makes me angrier!
text:Take both of them to restaurant or call at home. Tell your problem directly.	labels:I would like to talk to my friend without the girlfriend around, but she seems to butt in all the time. I can't get him alone to explain how this crazy woman is ruining his other friendships.
text:Very first you have to calm down.Don't break your friendship so easily. Friends are like gems.It's my request not to give up.	labels:Thank you. I don't want to lose the friendship. I don't think I can stay calm with that woman around.
text:Tell me how you are feeling to leave your friend because of one girlfriend.	labels:I am feeling that it would be a shame. We have been friends for so long. I don't think the girlfriend cares about my friend's feelings or friendships. She just thinks about what she wants.
text:Make sure with me today that you won't break your friendship. Please reassure with me .	labels:I will do my best to maintain the friendship. I might have to put it on hold for a while. Until he breaks up with the crazy woman.
text:Anything else I can help you?	labels:No, thank you. I think I can try again to save this friendship and put aside my anger.
text:You are very nice!!!	labels:Thanks. Well, have a good day!
text:You too!!!	labels:It was good that we had a chance to chat. I didn't realize how angry I was.
text:Don't keep any hard feelings for those who like you more.	labels:I'll do my best.	episode_done:True
text:How may I help you?	labels:Hi I am feeling quite sad today.
text:Ohh, sorry to hear that. Any partucular reason?	labels:Yes I feel like my friends just don't care about me much at all.
text:You saying that your friend does not care about you any more. Is that correct?	labels:Yes, when we get together all they want to do is talk about themselves. When I raise something that is bothering me they just ignore what I say and go back to what they want to talk about.
text:That's not good. You must be feeling left out..	labels:Yes I feel left out and unsupported by them.
text:Any particular reason they are doing such thing?	labels:Well I think they don't care about me and are just selfish about their needs.
text:In that case, should you consider them as your friends?	labels:Well they are the only friends I have and I have known them a long time. Do you think I should stop being friends with them ?
text:If someone is not friendly they are not real friend. You need to find someone who will stand by you no matter what..	labels:Oh well that makes me feel sad too.  I will be saying goodbye to some long friendships. Do you think that is the only answer ?
text:Ok.. how about hosting them in your place for a gettogether...	labels:Ok how do you think that would help me ?
text:They might open up if you are hosting .. people are generally nice to the host..	labels:Yes that is true, it's a good idea.  I could also take the opportunity to tell them how I am feeling.
text:Good.. let's try that.. Anythign else I could help you with?	labels:No you have been very helpful and I feel much better now I have a plan of action to address my problem. Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:I lost my job recently that's why I'm very sad.\nHello. So you lost your job that is why you are sad right?	labels:I'm very sad about my situation.
text:Okay so what kind of job was it? And why do you think you lost your job?	labels:I'm very sad because in this coronavirus situation its very difficult to get new job . because of this coronavirus situation.
text:Okay yes I agree with you I was also trying to find a new job since I had more time after graduating.	labels:yes i now its very difficult time for everyone. Now I'm looking for new job.
text:Okay since you are trying to find a new job you could try to learn some new techniques online. So you could put that on your resume to keep you from feeling sad.	labels:Now I'm waiting for to when government will opening all business. Thanks, Yes i will hope i can come from this situation. yes I'm taking some trainings online.
text:Oh that is good. That will make you different from other people so when government opens up it will be easier for you to get in. So I would say to keep your hope up by trying to learn new things so you do not feel sad.	labels:Yes I have hope and i'm thinking positive. Thanks for giving me support.
text:Yeah that is the best medicine for right now. Your welcome. Thank you for giving your time to talk to me.	labels:I'm still struggling to get new job that's why I'm sad.
text:Yeah in this economy right now not that many places are hiring right now so it is hard. Or they are hiring but a lot of people are applying so they are looking at everybody and choosing the best canidate.	labels:yes its very difficult time i know, Thanks for your support.
text:Your welcome.	labels:good to having you.
text:You too.	labels:Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon. How are you?	labels:Im doing ok how are you.
text:I'm doing alright. Why just OK?.	labels:im struggling with a coworker! He continuely talks down to me and is just mean.
text:I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with him. That can certainly be frustrating. What types of things does he say that make you feel talked down to?	labels:He continuly says the work that I am doing is not good enough. He always has something to say about my driving and asking me to correct things that I cant such as hitting to many potholes.
text:Well, in my experience, when someone is critical of you -- it says a lot more about their character than anything you did wrong. Is he your coworker or your boss?.	labels:He is a coworker.
text:Have you tried bringing up your feelings and frustrations to your boss or HR representative?.	labels:I have but he continuely says he will talk to him but its been a month now. i. I have not talked to a HR representative.
text:That would certainly be frustrating. Have you tried speaking to the coworker directly and letting him know how his comments are making you feel?	labels:I have and he seems to just shrug it off.
text:I had a similar experience at work once. I decided to ask the coworker directly what I could do to improve. Sometimes if you ask them to provide the solution they can see you actively trying. If that doesn't work, maybe you could just ask your boss if there is a possibility of not working with him and instead another coworker?	labels:hmm that a great strategy! I have never asked him for a solution! I Can do that for sure in regards to talking to my boss and seeing if I just cant work with him!	episode_done:True
text:I face the situation of me being sad because I thought we could let this fight go over time but instead it has lead to us breaking up.\nCan you tell me more about the fight?	labels:Yes, so we had a fight previously over Thanksgiving Break about how I woke her up from her sleep and she kicked me out of her place at like 4 in the morning. Then I pick her up to go try and get breakfast...then she starts punching me while I drive so I pull over. Then she keeps hitting me until I tell her to stop..
text:Breakups are usually sad for at least one of the couple.  Is your sadness because of missing her or being alone or something else ?	labels:It is because I do really miss her. I really hate that our fight got to that level to where we broke up.
text:Breakups are hard, but it sounds like she was violent.	labels:Yeah she was a little violent. I was honestly a little scared for my life for a second but people make mistakes.
text:Have you talked since then?	labels:We have talked a little bit before hand this month. It was okay but I am still sad about what happened. She was very open to talking and such but I just wasn't ready because my family found out about what happened and are worried about my safety.
text:If safety is an issue, then I think that maybe moving on is a good decision.	labels:I know but I am so sad because the break up was so quick and we did not really have closure after the whole fight happened between us. I still keep on thinking about her.
text:I suggest that you do things that will help you get over her., like going out with friends or a new hobby. Don't be in a hurry to get into a new relationship , but if one happens that would be great too.. Is this your first breakup?	labels:I will definitely try to get over her using those techniques you just said. It's way harder to do than say though. No, this is not my first breakup with a woman but I felt like she was the one for me.
text:Breakups are not always the end, but they usually happen for a reason, and whenever violence is involved it is usually better to move on.	labels:Maybe you're right! Just need to get productive and get my mind off of her for good since she was violent.
text:I suggest you start trying to have fun with others and getting yourself out there where there will be new opportunities.	labels:I will definitely try. I know it will be hard because I am upset still but sometimes I guess moving on is the only thing that you can do in this situation.
text:The sadness will eventually pass and I am sure there is someone out there that will be a good match for you.	labels:Awww I hope so. Just like some people say...there are plenty of fish in the sea. Thank you for the advice. It was really helpful.	episode_done:True
text:I am feeling very sad right now, my boyfriend just broke up with me out of the blue.\nI am so sorry that happened to you. It can be very difficult to cope with situations that seem they come out of nowhere. Did your boyfriend give you any reason for ending the relationship?	labels:He said he has been struggling with depression and needed to be alone.
text:Sometimes having depression can make a person feel that they need to seclude themselves. Were you aware that he felt this way?	labels:He has been distant recently.
text:Unfortunately that can be a sign of depression or that something is going on. Have you been able to communicate with him previously about becoming distant?	labels:Every time I would bring it up he would dismiss it. I just don't know what to do. How can I get him back?
text:Maybe you could try to talk to him about seeking help for depression? Talking to someone close to him or even a professional would help him immensely. Talking to a counselor would help him learn ways to cope with his feelings.	labels:That is a good idea. I want him to get back to being himself. He is like a different person right now. It's scary.
text:I understand completely. Depression runs in my family and if it goes untreated, can scare anyone that is involved. You can try suggesting that he talks to a close friend, family member, or counselor to talk about how he is feeling and ways to cope with it. Sometimes medication could be a good way to fix the chemical imbalance that can cause depression.	labels:I will try to help him, he just doesn't want to seem to talk to my anymore. Do you have any suggestions on how to approach it with him?
text:You could start a conversation by saying that you just want to check on him and see if he is okay and how he is doing. You don't want to start the conversation by immediately telling him to get help, as he might just get defensive.	labels:That is a good approach. And you don't think I will further upset him?
text:I don't believe it will upset him if you ease into suggesting that he should talk to someone he is close to or seeing a professional. Your main goal is to check on him and make sure that he is okay since he seems to want to be alone and not talk to anyone. Once he tells you how he is doing you could mention that even talking to someone about his thoughts and feelings could lift a weight off his shoulders. If he seems that he doesn't really know why he feels the way does, you could suggest that medically speaking, sometimes our brains don't produce the chemicals that we need them to and it could make us feel bad. Seeing a professional to get their opinion would also help greatly.	labels:I agree, I hope he is agreeable to all of this. I just miss him so much and want him back.
text:It's very hard to see someone we care about go through this. Communication is one of the best medicines there is to help someone feel better.	labels:I just hope he opens up to me, and if not me, someone who can help him.
text:Even just trying to talk to him to see how he is doing will show him that care about him. I'm sure that once he is talking to someone about his thoughts and feelings, he will start to get back to his old self.	labels:I hope so. I also don't feel like myself anymore without him and it has been getting me down. Thank you for the advice, I am hopeful things will work out for us.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you feeling today?	labels:Hi to be honest I am very depressed and angry today.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. What is causing you these feelings?	labels:Since helping to raise my grandson and his dad is not helping, or cares how I am feeling.  My grandson has been really difficult lately and I find myself losing my temper quickly.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. That sounds like a difficult situation. Have you tried any personal exercises to help you cope with the situation until you find a resolution?	labels:I do go to a quiet place and try some deep breathing, but my grandson always comes walking in.
text:That's certainly a difficult situation. Is there no resolution possible with the father of your grandson? I want to make sure that the cause of the depression has properly been addressed by you or someone else.	labels:I try talking to him, but due to my grandson having some disabilities his dad does not really want to be bothered.  I just want my grandson to succeed and be the best he can be.
text:I think it's great that you have such care and concern for your grandson. That shows how incredible you are and on behalf of your grandson, I think you are doing a tremendous job. I think you should continue to support him however you can, but it's also important to take care of yourself. Do you have time available for additional self care, or are there any new exercises you can try to try to take care of yourself?	labels:Thank you for saying that it means alot having someone tell me I am doing a good job. I recently purchased a hot tub and have been thinking that maybe when he goes to bed I could go out and relax, but have not done that yet.
text:That sounds like a great start. Self care is vitally important in this difficulty time with COVID and the pandemic. I recommend any little bit of time that you can contribute to yourself, this includes reading, relaxing, meditating, exercise, or just resting. Anything that can help you repair so you are better prepared to help your grandson.	labels:I will try my best to get more time for myself and try to relax more often that I currently am. I am also trying to accept that my medical issues are getting worse and I can not do all that I use to, and that truly frustrates me as well.
text:Do you think the anger you are feeling is directly a result of the situation? Do you feel the anger is manifested from somewhere else? I think it is important to get to the underlying source of the anger and take care of that first and foremost. That's concerning, but very understandable. Are you able to financially seek additional help? Sometimes it's just what you need, as hard or embarrassing as that may seem. No one needs to know what you seek, but it is important not to disregard additional help, be it mental health, physical therapy, or just general prevention and detection from a PCP.	labels:I feel that I am having trouble dealing with the fact that I am not able to do all the things I want to do.  It is not an easy thing to lose your abilities when you feel so young but your body says otherwise. I was in physical therapy but could not afford it any longer.  So instead I purchased my own hot tub to be able to soak in and do some water exercises that may help me.
text:I think that's a normal way to feel and a frustrating part of growing older. I think focusing on positives and things you enjoy will help keep your mind away from thinking about "what used to be" or "what once was" - finding passions and joys in new things could help revitalize you. Can I help you find new hobbies or passions? I think exercise bands are a great way to keep your limbs loose and nimble. They are affordable and available on Amazon. I have some and I think they're great. YouTube can help with exercises.	labels:That is a great idea, I may even have some here that I could use.  I am lucky that I do have two dogs that keep me going as well and am trying to get out and take them on walks more, but not easy when is so cold out lately.
text:Totally understandable. I'm a little younger and even I am sick of sub 50F weather, so that's not age holding you back! I think it's important to maintain positivity and find any outlet that keeps that going for you.	labels:Thank you I will definalty do that and will look for some additional exercises to do.
text:You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today, even if it's something as simple as providing suggestions for new things to try?	labels:I would love some additional suggestions!!
text:Meditation has worked wonder for my best friend. The app Headspace is fantastic. I'd also recommend podcasts, using either and app or your computer, and find a series on a topic that you enjoy, weather it's mindfulness, or self-care. There are plenty to choose from and you can go at your own pace.	labels:Those sound like great ideas, thank you again!!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello, glad to meet you virtually. How are you?	labels:Im doing fine. What about you?
text:I am good.  How may I help you?	labels:I have problem with the communication. One of the main problems, is that Im not sociable person, so I dont have a lot of friends, and the situation with Covid, just finished me. Now, I'm siitin at my home, just playing game and study. How can I start to communicate with people? Or to meet the new peoples?
text:I completely get that.  I am thinking that most people are feeling isolated therefore communication with others are feeling even more challenging thank usual.  Playing games can certainly help.  What type of games do you play?  Perhaps there are people that share the same interests.	labels:For example, the games that I'm playing are: Call of Duty, League of Legends. Yes it's multiplayer game, where can communicate throught the discord or voice, but I'm making a lot of cringe staff, that takes away new playes/friends. I guess, it cause of my fears, that I can miss the new friends.
text:Multi player games help I would assume.  Do you play with people you actually know sometimes?  I am sure that you make a great friend so we can explore areas of meeting new people,  I can tell you that I am not having the easiest time keeping up with friends and I am certainly not meeting new people in person very often myself.  .	labels:Almost, I play solo. Yeah, I undertsand your message. You said right things.
text:Okay so perhaps play with people as opposed to solo.   Do you think it would be worth a try?	labels:Yes, I need to try it. I guess it's one of the best way to solve my problem. Thanks.
text:You are quite welcome.  Perhaps I can play as well.  Is it easy to catch on or are the games you play difficult?	labels:Yh, it kinda difficult, cause need to know some staff, before you play it..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, I am looking for help in managing some depression.
text:You've come to a good place to start. Is there something in particular that is leaving you feeling depressed?	labels:I am feeling resentful towards my husband for quitting his job, and my son for being the reason that he quit his job. My son's behavior is causing a lot of conflict in our house and my husband not working is putting a lot of financial stress on us.
text:I'm sorry to hear that. Feeling resentment for both your husband's loss of work and your son's loss of his job is entirely understandable..	labels:I have a hard time not dwelling on the negative things going on.  It's hard to see anything positive or feel hopeful for the future.
text:I have an adult son who also lost his job recently, and I understand the added stress that can cause in your household.. That is a really difficult position to be in..	labels:My son is very defiant and argues with us about everything we try and get him to do, but he expects us to give him money for fun things that he wants to do when he isn't willing to work or even help out around the house.
text:Regardless of what your husband's actions are and your son's, could you possibly make the time to do things to support yourself, that even momentarily would provide you with some positive feelings?.	labels:I try to go for a run every night, that does help.
text:That is very hard emotionally, so I am sorry you have to deal with your son's behavior.	labels:It is hard to keep my emotions separate from what is going on with him.
text:That is very understandable! Setting boundaries for yourself may help. Even when it's difficult, being clear with your son that you will not be giving him money could help.. Sometimes being clear with your own expectations can help him to see what won't be accepted from him as long as he is living in your home.	labels:Yes, I could do better at that.  I want him to have fun and do things with friends, but I want him to be willing to work for what he wants, too. I do struggle with expectations.  I want him to be someone that he is not willing to be, I need to let go of that and just let him be himself and not base my emotions on his choices.
text:I completely understand that. Especially when it comes to people we are close to, it can be hard to separate our expectations from theirs..	labels:I feel guilty sometimes taking time to do things that I like and that are away from my family.  I can see that I need to do that more, though.
text:I've had to learn this lesson many times with my own children. It's difficult, but ultimately will give you some relief from your resentment..	labels:Thank you, it is helpful to know that other people have felt the same way.
text:Absolutely! Being a parent is difficult. Remembering to support yourself helps. Making the time to do things to support your wellbeing doesn't make you selfish at all.	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:hello.
text:What's on your mind?	labels:I have real bad anxiety about the possible 2nd shut down due to the rise in Covid. so many people lost their job during the first shut down.
text:We are on the same boat.	labels:its extremely draining.
text:I understand how you feel. I think others feel the same too, that we're exhausted no matter if we're directly  affected or not.	labels:yep.. it just makes me sad, I wish we didnt have to go through this.
text:It saddens me too because even when we have vaccines, the damage has been done and the aftermath is unimaginable.	labels:I'm not to keen on taking a new vaccine.
text:Can you tell me why not?	labels:just like you stated, the damage is done.
text:You should still take it though. What done is done, the new vaccine will help situation not getting worse.	labels:just because its new, it seems like its being rushed.. i wont be the first in line, thats for sure..
text:I thin it's rushed because people trying to push it so they voided some troublesome paperwork stage.	labels:i will continue to wear my mask and social distance for sure. this is a hard time for everyone..
text:Frontliners will get it first, you don't have to worry too much about the vaccine.	labels:i still have to worry, because about half of my family are on that line.
text:Then you should be relieved since the sooner they  get the vaccine, the less worry for your family.	labels:nope, im scared.
text:It's ok to feel doubtful about it, you can keep wearing mask and social distancing and take the vaccine when you feel ready.	labels:yes, thats what I keep telling myself.. we all need to play our part to flatten the curve. at my job, people are getting covid and its scary.. so maybe the vaccine can and will help them. thanks for the talk. i feel a little better..	episode_done:True
text:Hello there, how can I help?	labels:Hello! I'm just here because recently I haven't felt motivated. I miss my friends and I want to see them and do things, but everytime they offer I am too unmotivated to go out even though I want to. And I live with one of my best friends, and I don't even do anything with her.
text:So you are concerned that you are feeling unmotivated and don't feel like doing anything.	labels:yes prettu much.
text:Have you felt like this for a while or has it only been a recent change in your feelings and motivation?	labels:It's sort of on and off recently. I'll get little bursts of motivation, and then it quickly goes away. Pretty much every other day.
text:That must be a real challenge and if it is a recent change it is natural to feel concerned about this.	labels:Oh really? I hope so I'm worried that it isn't natural since I haven't always been like this.
text:I do not always feel positive and motivated myself and have spoken to a professional in the past which helped me understand why this is, for me it was linked to a lack of sleep.	labels:Oh so me feeling this way could be a result of other things that maybe aren't at the healthiest in my life?
text:People's moods can be regulated by many things. I know for example that sleep and diet can play a big part in some cases..	labels:I feel like I eat okay and I get enough sleep, but I do work a lot. Very long days and I feel drained at the end of the day. That seems like the obvious reason, but usually I'm still able to do stuff afterwards... So I'm not sure if that is truly why.
text:have you tried talking to your friends and telling them now you feel? They may not know you are feeling this may and might be able to help you and provide support.	labels:That's true, I haven't really talked to them about it. I usually have a hard time opening up.
text:What is it about opening up that you find difficult? is it sharing your feelings with others?	labels:I guess I'm scared I'm going to come across weaker to them.
text:I think you have reached out for support and so you clearly want to do something about this which is a great first step. I think you can get over these fears and overcome them.	labels:Yeah. It's just easier for me to do it anonymously but I do need to talk to the people that are important to me.
text:I can tell you are anxious about it and fear coming across as weak but I think that would be a positive step for you.	labels:Yeah, I think so too :)
text:I think you can do it and overcome this issue!	labels:Thank you!
text:You are welcome.	labels:I'll do my best.
text:Thanks for talking it through.	labels:Thanks for listening. I hope you have a great day!	episode_done:True
text:I'm having issues with my parents. You can say we are having a conflict.\nWhat kind of issues do you think you are having?	labels:well they won't allow me to date this girl i met online. They told she's bad news.
text:I understand it can be very difficult at times with parents. Especially since they lived in a life that was very different from today.. Have you tried talking to you parents about why she is "bad news"?	labels:Yes, i tried but it won't get through their head. There are so old school. They want me to date someone close to my age.  is 15 year difference too big of a gap?
text:The basic problem is that your parents believe that 15 years is too large of an age gap between you guys.. Is there any other reasons your parents dissaporve of her?	labels:They told me she's  gold digger.  Yes i come from money but hey this girl is the one.
text:You believe that the girl is not a gold digger, but instead you guys like each other for who you are. Money is not an issue for you guys?	labels:nope not at all. hmm well she does ask to use my credit card alot. my parents foot the bill.
text:Perhaps you should try to talk to your parents around this fact. For example, if money is the problem for your parents, you can set some rules. LIke you can set an allowance for how much money you can use each week.	labels:Ok, i will talk to them this weekend. what's better on the phone or in person?
text:If you want a better communication, I believe in person will be best.	labels:hate talking to my parents face to face, all they do is yell and i get frustrated.
text:I apologize and I do agree it is sometimes difficult. Perhaps it will be better to talk to them with another  person present.	labels:That's a great idiea. i will bring my g.f or is that a bad idea?
text:If another person is present, it may make it easier. However, I believe it should be someone that is not invovled in this issue. Perhaps another family member or a close family friend.	labels:gotcha. i will bring my good friend. i'm sure he can help me out. great advice by the way. i'm so mad though why my parents care who i date. man i'm old enough. let me make my choices.
text:Parents have a difficult time understanding their child at times. Hopefully, through this you all can become closer.	labels:Thank you it will. will talk to them this weeked with a friend present. wish me luck :)	episode_done:True
text:Hello, how are you doing today?	labels:Not too bad, really. Just kinda pissed.
text:Sorry to hear you're upset. Want to share why you're feeling that way?	labels:Sure, I guess "venting" is pretty much all I have that I can do at this point.
text:Do you feel like you can't take any actions in the situation?	labels:Long story short - at work, a new boss pulled all the leadership OUT of the jobs they were hired for (some more than 12 years ago - so they have lots of experience) and shuffled them all around to new jobs - all that is except the 5 oldest employees - they got moved into "non-positions". No longer supervising anyone, only doing grunt work, etc. It ticks me off and there's nothing I can do about it. I'm working on a *possible* action - RETIREMENT from this job. Only problem is - bad time to be doing that; pressure to keep my income up until my daughter graduates college, etc.
text:That sounds frustrating, especially if you're one of the employees affected and when the new boss doesn't seem to know what he/she is doing with the reorganization. That's positive, though, that you at least have a strategy in mind with retirement, even if this may not be the best time right now.	labels:She has a "plan", I guess, but it isn't being articulated that well, and these actions are demonstrating poor "people management" and seem to be both confusing lots of folks, and professionally insulting many others. Oh, and by the way, things are running WORSE than they were before, but it's being blamed on COVID. Problem with the "retirement strategy" is that it means going out on a limb with no job with the holidays coming up, and with COVID with no end in sight. SO, just "muddling through" the days these days, hoping better times are ahead.
text:It sounds like you are not the only worker who is seriously questioning the changes being made..	labels:Oh, no. 1 person outright quit immediately. 1 other has retired already. 1 more I know is retiring by New Years. Others are more "stuck", as they just CAN'T afford to quit OR retire. So, yeah, us "old folk" are not "happy campers"
text:Wow! From what you've said, it sounds like your coworkers feel much as you do about the changes..	labels:Yep. We are sort of our own "support group", but since we are all 100% teleworking these days, we don't "see" each other, though we try to touch base through phone calls at least once a week.
text:That must be tough, but it must help to at least commiserate through the phone calls and be able to relate to each other.	labels:Yep. Best I can hope for at this point. If I find another job to transition to, that would improve things. Until then, gotta just "keep on keeping on"
text:My former spouse works for a company that has moved him to departments he needed to retrain to work in, and he is considering looking for a different job, maybe after COVID is outta here. It sounds like you're determined to stay as positive as possible while considering other options, such as a new job. Doing something about it like this must feel a little better.	labels:As good as it can. Thanks for your time and commiseration..
text:You're welcome! I also think that's wise to hold off on retirement until your daughter is through college. My oldest is ready for college and I don't feel ready to leave work, either..	labels:Yep, and she's actually a senior, so she'll graduate in May. But I gotta keep my motivation up until then. ;)
text:You can do it!	labels:Thanks! I guess we'll see. Have a great evening.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there how are you doing?	labels:I feel sleepy but can not sleep.
text:That is not good. Is this a new thing or has it always been this way?	labels:It has always been that way.
text:Have you ever tried to get any help for it?.	labels:Yes I have but I never was able to find someone to understand.
text:That's  shame. Not all doctors are understanding. Are you able to see someone else?.	labels:Yes I did.
text:What about over the counter stuff? Have you considered that? I personally have found some very useful herbal remedies.	labels:I have tried that but it does not help. The images of my past haunt me.
text:Ah I was going to  ask if you thought that some trauma had started this, Do you want to talk about it?.	labels:Yes my father used to beat my mother and I would need to watch.
text:That sounds very traumatic. Have you ever talked with anyone about it before?.	labels:Yes I have everyone says to move on.
text:Well that is not very helpful of them! Clearly you are not able to move on or you would not be having disturbed sleep.	labels:Yes you are right.
text:I hope these were not paid specialists you were seeing. Are you there?	labels:Yes I am..
text:You went very quiet! What else would you like to talk about?.	labels:I am sorry I was thinking about the trama.
text:I am sorry to hear that, I did not mean to upset you further. Anyway I hope you can get some adequate help in the future. Anyway, I wish you all the best!. Can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it my end :).	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello how are you today?	labels:I am fine. thanks. how about you ?
text:I am well. Anything I can help with today?	labels:I lost my job in the lockdown and I feel depressed.
text:I understand it has een stressful for you  during lockdown unemployed, that must feel frustrating. Is there anyone in your imediate household you can confide in with your feelings?	labels:Yes It is frustrating. When I think about the financial issues I feel depressed.
text:I compleyely understand I have also lost my career due to covid. Dont give up, staying positive and open minded to new opportunities will help you find work.	labels:Not sure how to manage mortgage payments and credit card bills : (
text:i see.i would call the companies themselves and see if they have programs in place to help you.	labels:That's a nice idea. I will call the bank to see if they provide mortgage holiday.
text:At least they might give extensions.	labels:Can you elaborate on extensions please ? Not sure what it is ?
text:Also there are people willing to help sometimes in local places. An extension would happen when the institution you owe gives you more time to pay them. I would try going to the town hall.	labels:Ahh ok . I will give them a call and check. What does going to town hall mean ?
text:Going to the town hall means phsyically going to your local town hall asking for help for assistance. There should within have programs you can apply for..	labels:ok understood. Have you had any depression issues during lockdown ?
text:Once again I a, sorry to hear that you are depressed. Make sure to go ouside everyday. I have learned that healthy doses of sunshine help.Yes I have often felt helpless due this pandemic. I will say though that exercise, movies and lots of coffee have helped me..	labels:I do tried watching movies in streaming platforms like Netflix and Prime. Did you tried the same ?
text:Yes i normally use netflix. prime i do no use so much. Did  this conversation make you feel any less depressed?	labels:I get a feeling that I ran out of my favourite genres in Netflix. Did you get the same feeling ?
text:No i can usuallly find something new to watch..	labels:What are the other ways to avoid the sick feeling of this pandemic ?
text:Are you a real person or a computer program? Some other ways are staying as involed with anything I can, like reading, writing, or drawing..	labels:I am a real person ? Are you a real person ?
text:Yes i am real and doing this task for amazon mechanical turk, are you as well? Although I do genuinelly care for helping others feel ettter.. Are you waiting for me to end this to get the higher exrra payment at the end?	labels:Not sure how to end this conversation.	episode_done:True
text:HI how are you today.\nHELLO. going good what about you.	labels:Doing well, thanks.
text:how was your day.	labels:Not too bad.
text:it sounds good.	labels:I'm taking some classes and I didn't do well on my midterms.
text:Don't worry my friend there will be peaks and downs in life same in exam too prepare hard for your next exam surely you ll shine.	labels:I hope so. I don't have a lot of hope.
text:do u attend your classes regularly?	labels:Yes for the most part. Unless a family emergency arises.
text:That's great. Did u love your studies?	labels:I guess so. I want to have a good career.
text:That's a good idea. Even I had this problem during my studies.	labels:I think it's a common problem, but I don't feel good about it.
text:Then my friend suggested me to study at early morning rather than evening and nights..	labels:That's a good idea. I feel more productive in the morning.
text:that's great.	labels:I might try that.
text:Try to have a water bottle behind u when u study and try to concentrate more and its best to choose a peaceful place to study.	labels:Yes, drinking water helps with concentration..	episode_done:True
text:Hello.\nHello! How are you doing today?	labels:I am a little down today.  How are you?
text:Not bad for a Monday, but that's often a bummer of a day. What's got you down?	labels:My friends, who I also work with, are upset with me because I am leaving for a new position. I am sad that they are upset.
text:Ah, that can be awkward. Are you happy about the new position?	labels:I am going to miss them, but yes... I am happy about it.  Maybe a little nervous.
text:So do you think you are feeling down more because of missing your friends or your nervousness about the new job?	labels:Honestly I don't know. I think I would feel alot better about it if my coworkers were more supportive.
text:That only makes things tougher, doesn't it. So is there a way you could reassure your co-workers that this new position doesn't mean you have left their lives?	labels:Maybe.
text:What kinds of things do you think might help with that? Could you meet for lunch or coffee now and then? Or could you all create a standing "group chat" to touch base regularly?	labels:Well we already have a group chat... we could keep communicating through that. And lunch a few times a month would be nice, but they are all night shifters and I am going to be a dayshifter.
text:Cool! But I gather that if you already do that, you don't think that would be enough? Or would it? What else might work? Ah, so you think that being on different shifts may be what has you all concerned about losing touch?	labels:Yes.  We won't even be awake at the same time.
text:Is there some overlap between the end of your day shift and the beginning of their night shift? Is there a time you are all awake? Maybe dinner for you, but "breakfast" for them?	labels:That is a good idea.
text:What else might minimize the separation? Do you all have weekends off?	labels:I will at my new job but they do not.
text:So maybe the "between shifts" type meeting may help? It might be hard to schedule, but I think you can do that. What do you think?	labels:Yes, thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, can i help today? Please, tell me about yourself?	labels:hi. i'm nereida.
text:Hi, do have any issues that you would like to share with me today?	labels:i am in disputed mod with my friends.
text:I am sorry to hear that. So, you and your friends are not seeing eye to eye? Do you mind telling me what the issue is that yo are not agreeing on?	labels:I explained my personal problems but they are not giving proper response.
text:That can be difficult and I can relate to that too. When friends do not respond the way that we feel that they should it can be really hard. Do you have any family that you are close with?	labels:They need more money from me, but i couldn't  give  that much amount.
text:I understand the issue of money can cause a lot of problems in a relationship. I had a best friend borrow money once and it lead to her never paying it back and we stopped being friends. Do you plan on trying to talk to your friends soon? Maybe I can give you some advice on how to approach them..	labels:I want to speak with them because they are in good nature.
text:Maybe you could chose a place to meet that is neutral, somewhere at a park or at a cafe. You can ask them to reflect on the good memories in your friendship and then express how you value them as people and friends. Does that sound like something you can try?	labels:Yes, i want to do some moderate friendship with them.
text:That is a good idea too. Having boundaries is the healthiest part of a relationship so that neither party gets taken advantage of. Setting up lines not to cross is a great idea..	labels:I want to do some help to them but i don't do expect more from them.
text:I understand that friends can disappoint us sometimes and friendships can take a lot of effort. I would recommend starting a journal. A daily journal can help you express your feelings on paper and it can help you from getting to frustrated and keeping your feelings inside..	labels:Yes, some disappointments show us about real face of friends, so it was an experience to me.
text:I am proud of you today because you reached out and have tried to find help outside of yourself. You are growing and trying to do your best..	labels:Sure, it is my new way of relationship to me with others.
text:Yes, you're growing and trying to do your best and wanting to expand your boundaries and make them clear. You have taken the right approach and are on the best track to having a successful relationship in the future. Great Job! Thank you for sharing your story with me today.	labels:Great, thank you friend.	episode_done:True
